I just really need to vent...
For a start, I understand everyone in life are at different levels and that depression and anxiety is different for everyone and I am in no way stating who has it worst or better. I’ve taken hours and hours of training in it and I’m not here to speak or preach about how to help.. In a rare occasion in my life I’m asking for help, guidance, I don’t know the correct word but maybe if I explain myself a bit it may help. This maybe long and I do apologize but I just need to say all of this SOMEWHERE... 

I’m gay guy that recently moved from a conservative town in Montana to the amazing city of Portland, OR. I came out of the closet the summer going into my freshman year of high school, dealt with a (simply put) shitty childhood while growing up in the Bible Belt of northern Florida, with an abusive father and worrying, even at the age of 7/8 about how my future would play out in this. My mom divorced and remarried a man that doesn’t accept my sexuality personally but supports my life decision  and says he loves me. We moved to Montana (my mom, me and him) and I began to feel like I did have a purpose when I was introduced to acting onstage at a local theatre that I fell in love with. Life, for a few years, was amazing but my high school at the time was having a crisis. Unfortunately four students had committed suicide between my freshman and junior year and, with the help of many, started a suicide awareness program in the city and lead that for a year or so. My senior year, literally three days before it started, my military brother committed suicide on base, it was suspected it was also his sexuality. But also in my senior year, near the end of it, I met a man whom I fell in love with (which is what I am getting too, just bare with me). We were able to spend a lot of time together for a month or two before he had to leave to Portland (before I had gone) for a work internship where he would go back home to Brazil once completed. He treats me like gold, and I really mean that, he has been nothing but amazing to me. He flew me out to Portland so I could visit him for two weeks where we fell even more in love. Everything was shattered when he left for home and I also left for an adventure. 

After I graduated, I had the amazing opportunity to go to the BEAUTIFUL island of Taiwan, where I spent an amazing year learning Chinese (Mandarin), meeting people all around the world, experiencing a new culture for the first time, it was indeed a life changing time for me. But it wasn’t easy for my boyfriend and I. We fought in occasion, texting makes it really hard to communicate emotions, and we only had about two hours out of our days to talk due to the harsh time zone differences. The year went by quite quickly and he surprised me with yet another plane ticket to Portland where he would also land only two hours after I did and we would be together again. It was only for two weeks again but I felt complete... He even proposed on the Fourth of July. He was yanked away from me again soon after and it tore me down. My heart crumbled.

My next chapter in life had started once I arrived back from Taiwan and had seen my boyfriend again. I had decided I wanted to move to a Portland permanently, found a decent student housing apartment, enrolled for school, I was excited... now this is where things become a bit much for me and why I’m here today. 

My, now fiancé, was able to stay with me for a full month this time. Now at this point I’m sure you wonder (if you are still reading), “why doesn’t he move here?,” or “why don’t you move there?” 
Here’s why: He was on an exchange program when I met him that the Brazilian government paid for. The requirement for that visa is that he must stay in Brazil for two years before he can legally move back into the USA. In other words, he is stuck there while I’m stuck here both separated and both in fear of him being rejected. We applied for the fiancé visa and now we are waiting for the approval. I refuse to move where he lives because of how high the crime rate is and due to Brazil’s economic status, we both agreed it would not be good for a white American target to live in a high crime area. 

I know I have talked a lot about my fiancé but here is also what is going on on my hands as well that I just was not ready for. Before I moved to Portland, I had to go to urgent care because I had no primary doctor and no money, only Medicaid, which they took. I went three times for small bumps on my hands that turned out to be stressed induced and all three times I went the doctors said “I have no idea! Try using lotions and see what happens!” Nodded their heads and left. Very pointless but when I got the bill I was shocked and confused. I thought my Medicaid had covered it, which it did not because while I was out of country my Medicaid had expired and no one told me about it, therefore I was left with a $600 bill. I heard it off for a while because I had other things to deal with than the bullshit that the hospital was giving me about it. Around this time as well, I moved in with my best friend due to a dispute I had with my parents, which really crumbled me, but they still don’t know how upset I am about it. 

I moved to Portland... and now I believe I’m regretting it... 

I moved with that same best friend where we would also share the space with two others, a couple from Hawaii. We had Skyped then ahead of time in our excitement of moving and we were all excited to meet each other. I had a job lined up for me as a barista, I had a savings plan lined up for what I could and couldn’t spend for money, school would be starting soon, things were looking pretty nice! 

Well... it’s not nice. Not nice at all. 

The Hawaiian couple does not like my friend and I. They stop our oven mittens and tried to say they were there’s and hid them from us, refused to let us use the garbage can in the kitchen, and held little meetings about what it is we were doing wrong and how we could fix it.. I was so thrown back I ignore them at any chance and even had to take time out of my life to tell them how upsetting it is we had reached a level where they had to actually put sticky notes on things we could touch and could not touch. I find myself to be quite tidy and clean and fair but I guess there are two sides of the story always. 

That’s the first thing. 

That job I had lined up as a barista? Big joke... I met with the boss who said the store isn’t open yet and asked if I wanted to be a cashier for the university instead. I said why not, the pay was amazing at $12.75 an hour and had benefits. I did my on-boarding and was quite interested. First day on the job however they lied and put me in food service where I was demanded around by two chefs and four managers who didn’t know what the fuck they were doing. One of the chef’s actually spilt boiling grease on my foot and didn’t even apologize. The other chef was racist and talked bad about the Indian workers so much I had to leave his presence. It was a toxic environment. Income tax in Oregon was so high I wasn’t able to afford my apartment and realized I need to be working minimum wage to sincerely support myself here. I left after a month and am now struggling on finding a full time again. On a side note, because of costs and issues with finding a co-signed for a loan, I had to pull my enrollment for school as well.

That’s the second.. 

When my fiancé came to visit me for a month, my best friend/roommate was very difficult... it’s a harsh word to use but she has a lot of learning to do. I have been on my own since I was 16 in doing things myself (with the exception of paying my phone bill and buying a car). Taxes, jobs, appointments, etc., were all me. She needs some help getting there and she has done and amazing job to get there but... every opportunity I hand her to take one more step of becoming independent she rejects and shuts down completely. The whole month was very hard for my fiancé and I over how jealous and upset she got and it was too much. Currently she is back home for Christmas and I am alone and quite frankly I needed it. I just don’t know how to handle that situation. It was as if she was using her emotions against me and it was poisonous. It go so bad my fiancé and Igor an Airbnb our last two nights together so it could just be me and him. 

That’s the third..

I had to go to the emergency room as well when my fiancé was here due to yet another kidney stone. I got one in the 7th grade, near the end of my exchange program and one in a restaurant where the pain was so bad I needed to call an ambulance... more money on shit I can’t afford. 

I can go on and on with these stories but I need to get to this... it’s my anxiety. I was diagnosed with depression in high school but was taken off of medication. I was doing actually quite well! But most recently, with everything that’s been going on, it’s gotten really really bad. I am constantly anxed about everything.. when I walk down the street, I fear what people look at me as. Now I’m not fat, I’d say I’m average but my cheeks are so puffy and it really embarrasses me to even look in a mirror. I am constantly wondering why my fiancé wants to be with me, if he is cheating on me, lied to me, etc. I over stress about the smallest smallest things. Example: I cried and broke down because I failed my drivers test for the Oregon license. I physically felt like I was going to die or the end of the world was happening... why? Why was that happening to me? Why is this ALL happening to me? I miss my fiancé, I can’t get stable, I now starting out as an adult isn’t supposed to be easy but guys... this is really hard. I spend any day I have off in bed and I have only had one meal within two days. I know I need help but I don’t have the money for it or the time. I have never felt this insecure about my life, future, body, everything. I feel like I’m climbing up an escalator that’s going the wrong way, and no amount of running will get me to the top. 

I don’t know where else to go or who to talk to. I feel like I’ve annoyed everyone already enough about me that I no longer want to talk to literally anyone. My fiancé sometimes even. 

Well if you’ve made it this far I thank you sincerely... I just really needed to vent. 

