I’m losing the girl I’ve been with for 7 years and it’s because of my drug use, really bummed
I’ve been with this girl since 9th grade I’m now 23 and I can honestly say I love her with my whole heart. I’ve been abusing drugs of all variety since I was 15, herion, meth, pills, uppers, downers, alcohol, marijuana, research chemicals, it doesn’t matter, but I prefer if it fits into a syringe. I have been to rehab 9 times since I was 15 I’d get sober then relapse sober then relapse sober etc.. I have had legal trouble and been in and out of jail she has been with me through it all, she has always been my better half. No words can explain how blessed I’ve been to have her. This past relapse I was clean for two years before hand and our relationship had never been better we were both happy we both trusted and we both loved no matter what. She helped me get my g.e.d. And she helped me through my grandfathers death (he raised me). I had subtle depression over it I felt like that was normal losing a loved one and all, but I eventually stopped doing the things I was susposed to to maintain my sobriety, I felt like I was cured and no longer needed all the recovery stuff. I was wrong. So one day I decided to take some benzodiazepines and that made me go straight to crystal meth in the time frame of a week I was back shooting meth spending all of my money on it and staying up for days. When on meth I have serious delusions I accused her of cheating on me I actually believed these delusions with my whole heart I felt so betrayed and hurt, I wanted to die. What I feel like really did it was I accused her of cheating on Facebook. Even after multiple people telling me I was wrong I couldn’t believe it, I just KNEW everybody was out to get me especially her, I was very unfair and called her names and called her at all hours of the night, completely out of character of me. After being the good loving boyfriend she knows and loves for two years I suddenly became a monster. I totaled the vehicle I owned and went to jail for possession with intent (Benzodiazepines) possession of marijuana and dui. I sat there for two months (thank god) while I was in there she told me she just couldn’t do this with me anymore and told me she has somebody else in her life, this crushed me. I contemplated suicide while I was in there fought anybody that even remotely rubbed me the wrong way and lost my appetite couldn’t sleep. So I get out and I know that I should just stay away from her because I love her and I don’t want to hinder her pursuing something else, I respected her decision to move on, after all I did publicly humiliate her. So right now I have been sober a month and I feel good in a clear minded healthy way, but I have this hole where she used to be I find myself riding around for hours thinking and crying. I’m very upset that I let this happen, currently I just can’t keep my mind off of her I just want our love and friendship back. I am very depressed and lately I have thought about using again but I would rather kill myself before I do that, I can’t get high anymore I would honestly rather be dead. I’m going to NA meetings, going to church, praying all day, but I can’t seem to ever feel better about losing her no matter what positive things I do. I’d rather be dead then to live without her and I don’t know what else to do.