I have no idea what to do
My husband and I got into an argument last night that has lasted until this morning. Through out the entire argument, he has called me horrible names and hurt me deep. I thought i was almost over my depression, I thought i was getting better, but the things he has said has taken me from where I thought I was all the way back down to extremely emotional and having suicidal thoughts.

The argument started because I was talking too loudly to his son while trying to correct his behaviour. I am 38 weeks pregnant, and lately have been easily annoyed and upset by the boy not listening to me. My husband called me a bunch of hurtful things because I tried to explain why I was so upset. Later on in the night he told me my mom and oldest sister were no longer allowed to visit me for the birth of our child. Then he spent several more hours talking about how they were "rot gut whores" and how he doesn't want them around HIS son all because 2 years ago my sister invited me to a christmas dinner she knew I wasnt going to show up for and didn't specifically include my husband in the invitation. Yet his mom is coming a few weeks after, and she had left him and his brother to fend for themselves in a trailer in the middle of a forest only showing up to bring them food when they called her and begged her for it. But because she "hasn't done anything to offend" me, he is totally ok with her showing up.

Now he's talking about how if I want my mom to be here so bad, I can leave with her when she visits. And I've fully expressed how depressed I am to him and he isn't even worried in the slightest. He just keeps refering to my past as a teen who would sleep with practically anyone to try to get some sort of pleasure out of life, saying he bets I want to go back to that, that i would treat his son better if he were black, and that i would try harder to not upset my husband if he were black.

Part of me hopes something goes REALLY wrong in the birthing process and that I will die or be put in a coma from it. I've never felt so useless, stranded, and alone in my entire life. 