Get myself to be more active/alive?
So, my depression is getting worse and worse since a few years. I'm in law school and I'm in the last year of preparation - in our country, this is THE BUSIEST TIME ever for those students - like, they start studying at 7 in the morning at stay until 11 in the night at the library. nonstop studying for 1-1,5 years in preparation for the big exams.

I started last october. it's july. I have maybe studied on two or three days, seriously. the other time, I just sit at home, in a kind of weird freeze. I'm BORED out of my mind, my brain is longing for some activity, and I actually really want to be all busy and studying and feel like I have a purpose. It's like I know exactly how important it is now, and my brain is screaming at me to get my books out and start doing what I want to do.

But I just sit here. Heck, if I'm procrastinating so bad, at least I could have fun, party, travel, meet people, see the world, at least not waste my time or waste it in a way that's at least fun! But I'm still sitting here. Like in a shock. It feels like it's too late for the studying thing (exams are in spring and I have no idea about the subjects and skip all classes I'm paying for) and I have no idea what else to do with my time.

It doesn't help that over the last two years, I kinda developed an eating disorder with anorexic, bulimic and binge-eating-tendencies that also made my health decline. I'm constantly thinking about numbers, looking up nutritional infos, reading medical studies, looking at food online - it's taking so much space in my head although I'm quite 'close to my goal', and I shouldn't even worry because if I keep doing what I planned (restrict for another 4-5 weeks, then slowly up my calories until I no longer lose weight, stay at maintenance and start to slowly incorporate exercise to finally be healthy, eating healthy, and exercising to maintain good health), there's no reason to be so occupied with this topic.

Any idea how to get myself to get up and DO SOMETHING? The sitting around is what is probably making me most depressed, because I watch my life burn down and kind of can't do anything about.


PLEASE don't suggest to get professional help. I know, it's the most rational thing, especially for the eating thing, but right now, I just can't, I really can't :(