Just venting
Not sure the general gist of where this post is going but I just kind of want to write down my thoughts. I tend to feel better after I do so. Maybe along with that I can have the added bonus of affecting somebody else in a positive way with what I say or that someone else understands what I'm saying. 

I'm alone as I type this. I'm sure many people who frequent this sub would describe themselves in that way. I feel over the years I've been getting more and more depressed. I was depressed when in my teens then I hit a lull in my 20s where I just didn't care about much and put things out of mind. Now, I seem to be at a combination of both. A kind of dead, feel nothing type of feeling mixed in with depression. I've been getting angrier as well. Bitter and resentful. I feel like when I was a teen I just thought strongly that I wasn't very great in the general sense. I feel like I now know that to be true. After enough life experience and enough time with yourself you start to see who and what you are. 

Needless to say I don't like who I am. Maybe you don't either. I'm not as strong, wise, caring, compassionate, friendly, hard-working, courageous, generous, et fuckin cetera that I'd like. "Well, why don't you change?"  Cause I clearly don't fuckin want to. 

Maybe I enjoy being depressed? Because obviously I've laid out terms, so to speak, for me to be depressed. Not courageous, hard enough working, kind etc etc. Yet, I don't do shit about it. So why complain as if I'm depressed because of it? I think that's where the day to day numb feeling comes in. It's like "I am this way. I don't like being this way. I don't change being this way. Why tf are you even upset?" 

I really don't feel I deserve what I have in my life. Like the organ donor program I feel I'd want to give my body to someone else. Maybe they can make better use of my fully functional legs. My vision. Ever see those people do an absolute fuck ton of things with their life? Those people who are so driven to accomplish a b c d e f g... Every day of their life and they only have 1 limb? Are blind? Live in abject poverty?  I have NONE of these fucking hurdles. I, in fact, don't have anything anyone would legitimately call a hurdle in life and yet I feel depressed. 

It's probably justified that I feel this way. I don't do anything to try and feel better and I don't capitalize on advantages I have in my life to make things better. To grow as a person. I don't do that for myself let alone for other people. And yet I want to have success.. I want to have profound love. Meaning and purpose. What a joke
Just wish I could hit the fast forward button on this shit and get through with it. Oh right.. There's suicide. But even that holds it's own unique stigma to it. Next to no one would recommend you do that. It's not an ideal solution. So on and so forth. But you kind of have to admit that those that do go through with it... It's as if you can't question them. You can't question their pain. Can't question their sense of guilt or anguish or depression and sadness. They solidified it and made it real moreso than practically anyone could ever do when alive. 

Sometimes I wonder if those that commit suicide do so because it's either a) the only perceived way out of their grief or b) that it effectively proves to others beyond a shadow of a doubt what kind of hell they had been living through in the years leading up to doing it.

You can never question someone who killed themselves as to whether their pain was real. Not just in the sense that they're no longer around to ask but that no one would ask what everyone inherently knows. Of course they felt pain. I feel that might be suicides greatest allure. It effectively puts a stamp on your sadness as legitimate.

I've thought about it a lot throughout my life. I don't think I'd ever have the stones to do it. Maybe my life or state of mind just isn't that bad. Not yet anyways. 

Kind of a long read :/   Hi to all those that like reading long posts from internet randoms 👋 