Finally got a job, but don't really care.
So, finally after about 10-11 months, I got a job. The job isn't a bad one. Quite the opposite, actually. 

They specifically hired me saying that they weren't looking for someone to just stick for a year and move on; they wanted to hire someone and essentially keep them/train them eventually up to management level in the course of hopefully a year or two depending how well I take it. I said yes... though, mostly out of seizing a good opportunity.

I'm not happy, or excited. I just don't care, really.

&amp;nbsp;

First and foremost, I'm a minimalist. The urgency of "I need to save and buy a house", or "I need a secure career/future", etc.. is non-existent in my life. Everything I own could fit in a van, and there would still be space left. I'm not exaggerating. I've even contemplated living in one; build some insulation to the walls, lay out some flooring, and call it home. I'd be absolutely 100% comfortable.

Anyway~

My point is I actually have no reason to be taking this opportunity. The only thing that really ran through my head was "I'll probably kick myself in the ass in the future for not taking this". Considering this is a job that'll eventually lead to a solid annual salary within essentially no time, and requires no degrees or fancy stuff, it was kinda hard to say no.

But it was also kinda hard to say yes.

I don't have an endgame. I don't have a goal. At best, the closest thing to a goal that came to mind was "Eh, I'd probably get back into riding, and buy myself a motorcycle or something". That was it. My mind literally blanks after that. Nothing else is there.

&amp;nbsp;

I'm not suicidal. I don't go to sleep hoping that I'll never wake up again (though I wouldn't be upset by it), and I don't wake up upset that I'm alive for another day in life. If I had to describe how I feel right now...

Everything is in a very, very quiet limbo.

It's a very passive depression.

&amp;nbsp;

The best way I can summarize it is that this world has so much "noise", and it's exhausting for me. I get exhausted just from thinking about it. I wish people could just relax, and stop stirring so much motion around. It's always been like this for my entire life. I'm so tired. Everything/everyone has to move around with such haste, but all I want to do is stop. I just want to appreciate the colors. I want to laugh. I want to be happy.

But in this world, you *can't* be happy looking at the colors.

&amp;nbsp;

*You just.. can't.*
 