Is it okay to be tired of pretending everything is okay to spark optimism?
So I have alot going on in my life -- too much for me to want to spend five hours writing about it for this post. What's bothering me is that lately, things have been weighing down HARD. My patience is paper thin from years of abuse and I feel like in these last few months, I'm receding into myself because I don't have patience for even reasonable flaws in other people. I'm tired of being stepped on and dealing with the hand I've been dealt in life (I am CLAWING my way out of poverty ALONE, caused by a narcissistic parent kicking me out and attempting to kill me at 17 -- just made 21). I finally told my boyfriend today, not mincing any words, that I'm so fucking tired of being optimistic. That I'm tired of pretending anything is going to be fine because alot of the times I feel like it won't. "Faking it till you make it" has worked for me in the past, definitely, but being optimistic to KEEP myself from being depressing/depressed is not fucking working for me. It's idiotic. It's not that I think things are 100% pointless -- I'm working on a set of skills right now to get myself out of my minimum wage job to get a much better one. 

&amp;nbsp;

But I'm just exhausted from trying to not worry other people and not expressing how fucking done I am with everything. Is this normal? Is this healthy? Like I said, not giving up. I'm working forward. I just feel like the fake optimism is an extra step and a formality at this point and honestly complaining today made me feel better, not going to lie, as I do my best to not do that because I feel like I'm "pushing myself on others" (my situation is so bleak that people almost never know what to say in response anyway because there is nothing close to an immediate solution). But I feel angry and spiteful that people who have been given everything or that can recieve assistance from family telling me how I have to "perk up" because It's "what they do when things are hard" when their "hard" is "I stayed up all the time in college to study and it's hard" vs "I stay up all the time to study my new skillset AND risk my life every day on a chinese scooter that gives out at times to do deliveries in all of the elements to make a wage that isn't even livable, having one or more panic attacks a day because of dangerous drivers".

&amp;nbsp;

I also feel bad because my SO is always trying to be an optimist. He's somehow perfected this even being depressed himself. Sometimes that bleeds through but he's usually hyper optimistic and it's exhausting. We've gotten in arguments in the past when he was less acquainted with my depression because if I wasn't immediately cheered up by him making jokes while I'm crying to make me laugh (let me work through my emotions, damn... It works sometimes but not ALL the time, seriously), he'd get insulted and take it personally that a single joke was not enough to change my outlook on life and fix all my issues. I feel kind of like I got a little snippy with him when I complained earlier and kept cutting him off and telling him how hopeless I felt and telling him, emotionlessly, "I just don't care to be optimistic. I don't give a fuck. What's that going to do? I'm already tired, it's just going to make me more tired" because I had a feeling that that was where he was going to go with it. I feel bad because he's just trying to help. But I am so fucking tired. So tired. I have a hard time doing anything if I don't think it has a point (Even if I hate a job, I'm still getting paid, and there is therefore a point to it) and I just didn't see  the point of doing all this. I think I do to make him happy and worry less about me. But I'm so upset that I don't have the capacity right now to do more things to emotionally keep him comfortable. That's stupid. I feel bad, but that's stupid.