I’m working on a new app/startup to help you guys. Please read this, I would really appreciate any help/feedback.
Hello everyone! I’m a current sophomore in college studying Computer Science and this summer I decided to work on a new app that caters to depressed/suicidal people who are going through bad times. I want this app to connect depressed users to people who are volunteers at crisis centers or just regular people in general that are willing to devote their time to helping the users. This app will be similar to twitch where the volunteer will go live (and you can see their face) and any user can instantly connect with them. First, the user will enter their information like: what their favorite tv shows/movies/music artists are, where they’re from, and what type of gender they’d feel most comfortable talking to. All this information gathered will be used to connect the user with a volunteer that closely fits those preferences (the user can swipe through all of the options that are given to them and they can actually add these volunteers to a list that they’d like to come back to). I want it to be a one on one session where the user can decide to turn his/her camera on, or if not, just use the microphone, or if they don’t want to do either of those options, they can just use the chat box provided. I want it to be a social platform where users can connect with other users and see what they’re doing. Basically a user is becoming friends with their “streamers”/“volunteers” and other users as well. Also, these one-on-one sessions can be changed to a room where there can be 4 users to one volunteer and that way more people can connect with each other with like a “chaperone”. I wouldn’t dare dream of making any money from this app and I know I need funding from VC’s to get this thing skyrocketing. That is why I am getting all the resources I need from my school’s entrepreneurial program and they are going to connect me to the people I need to know. I hate to say it but if I need to make shareholders money, then I’ll do it, but I don’t want to make a single dime off of an idea that caters to people who are struggling through something so drastic. This may sound far fetched but my biggest dream for this app/company, is to have a box filled with goodies being mailed to users when the holidays/Valentine’s Day/ birthdays come around that include: letters/voice messages from volunteers saying “Happy Birthday!” Or “Merry Christmas!” Or “Happy Valentine’s Day!” followed by more messages that has to do with the user. This box will also include a lot more goodies that has to specifically do with the user. 

I used to be like you guys. I can’t say that I suffered as much as you guys but I came to this sub a couple of times when I had no one else to go to. I had no shoulder to cry on in my freshman year of college which is why I think this app could actually mean something to someone. Please, we need to try and put an end to the huge suicide rate among children/adults in America. Please provide any feedback, whether good, bad, or helpful. Anything helps, really. I can also answer any questions you might have about this app. Please excuse my bad grammar, I’m a computer science major for a reason haha. 