Thoughest time of my life, and honestly i cant show it
So i meet this girl for nearly 2 years ago.

I'd say we are probably more then best friends, we are soul friends.

For over a year we talked about me moving to their town, so i can get closer to her, her husband and her kids.

We have literally been talking for nearly  2 years straight.

I understand that she is getting abit tired of me now,

but i just moved 1 week ago

and she has bearly talked to me once.

She is so busy playing video games right now, the only one that really has helped me this past week is  her husband.

I feel i moved so far for nothing, and now its KILLING me.

and since i wont have internet for a while,  im getting bored out of my mind, and my depression is hitting me so hard..

I did confront her about this though, but she keeps saying she is depressed and the only way for her is to play games.

Even tho when i play games, she keeps going to private worlds with friends, and whenever i as for an invite, she ignores it, even tho it pops up a big icon on her face.

My life has been so hard lately, my mom lost her kids in court, other then that, my stepdad made an false accusation of me doing stuff to a child becasuse he is a fucking moron and wanted to ruin my life for fun. (And no, i didnt do anything to a kid just FYI). I won the case but it was ever lasting 3 years..

Other thatn that ive been bullied for 15 years, i've lived alone for since i was 16. 

Aswell im a very VERY jelous guy, so im not gonna deny that, and here is one of the issues with this:

MY EX fucked my life up with cheating on me, and since then i have big trust issues, aswell i tend to get very jelous now when my best friend is getting new friends and seems to have more fun with them then me.

Tho, i know my best friend would never leave me since she wanted me up here anyway, but the jelousy that she is having such a good time with others are ripping my life apart.

The past 5 Months has been depression only, and Honestly if people has gone through as much as me these past 5 months with suicidal thought every day, they would of gone mental.

I have a very strong mind, so it takes alot to take me down mentally, but for some reason, im lost and i dont know what to do. Half of the time i just wanna sit and cry.

Before i was friend with her, i had a depression but it wasnt that bad. I didnt have friends then so i didnt have to go through what i have now,

For some reason i feel like im not designed to have friends, that my life should keep going on the PC without real "friends"