I’ve lost the last of my hope for “my turn”.
I (24M) think that without making the conscious decision to, I’ve given up. I think I’ve just reached the point where I’ve stopped kidding myself that it’ll all “get better” or “work out someday” like people always tell you. What I can’t seem to shake is the faint screaming in the back of my head trying to get me to fix everything, the one who still believes happiness is possible despite my entire existence thus far indicating otherwise.

I work at a job in an office doing pointless work that I used to swear to myself in high school and college that I’d never wind up doing. 5 days a week I wake up at 7, leave at 7:30, work from 8-5, and get home (at my parents’ house) at 5:30. Then I eat dinner with them, watch TV with them, and they go to bed, so I turn in at 9, watch more TV, and go to bed myself. On the weekends I typically do nothing. When I do go out or hang out with a friend, we do nothing, just sit and watch TV or a movie. Unless we can find some fictional world we can discuss (Marvel, GoT, Star Wars, etc) we don’t even have much to talk about. I maybe have 2-3 friends that I do this with, and again, not too often.

I do not currently have, nor have I ever had, anything even resembling a love life. I was foolishly in love with a close friend who felt nothing for me thru high school and most of college before I managed to stop kidding myself on that one. I’ve never had sex with or even kissed a girl. The closest thing I ever did was cuddle with a really close friend, and I even fucked that up because I overthought everything as always and didn’t make a real move, and she instantly lost interest/gave up on me, and now we’re barely even friends anymore.

I’m an introvert with no desire to change. I have no interest in going out to bars, clubs, or anything people my age for some reason enjoy. All I want is a person to love and spend my time with and provide each other with the human contact we need. My idea of the perfect evening would be cuddling on the couch with a girl I love and watching Netflix, just enjoying the closeness, maybe some kissing. Sex is something I want but not even on my radar right now. 

My life goals can be summed up in saying I want to find my “person” have a kid or two, and do what I can to make them and myself happy. I just honestly don’t see the path to that reality, though. Nothing matters to me anymore. Just my parents, and I can honestly say that I am 100% safe as long as they’re around because I care more about them than myself. However, if they were gone tomorrow, I think I’d be close behind. 

I just don’t see a path out of this pointless existence that I feel capable of taking. I feel like I’m just serving a sentence, going through the motions until it’s mercifully done.

No question really. I just felt the need to say it and acknowledge that I’m done. With everything.

TL;DR: I’m done, burnt out. Life’s never been good to me and I’ve stopped expecting “my turn”. I see no way to achieve the few things in life I want.