i'm circling the drain
i'm sorry if this is in the wrong place.

i feel like i'm at my limit

i'm trying to wait for health insurance to kick in from my fast food job. i hate this job. i like my co-workers, even though they think i'm weird. i'm trying so hard to get them to like me. i just want people to like me. people always said i was weird and made fun of me. i mean, thats like anyone else, i guess. 

i've always hated myself. always. i'm aware its probably internalized whatever from however many years of violent bullying and social isolation, but its to a point where my gf and roomate can see. i'm trying so hard to work this job and i'm smoking so much weed to cope and i get so anxious and have to talk to all these people and i'm always doing something weird and all i want to do is play Melee because its how i decompress (i do music as well but its shit), but i've developed thoracic outlet syndrome i guess from chest breathing for years and now my scalenes are fucked and everytime i play Melee i start chest breathing and i can't do the one thing i really want to do and i know thats pathetic, i can't quit my job because we need rent, i don't want to leave because i need health insurance so i can start going to therapy and possibly start physical therapy because my posture (forward head) is fucked. i don't talk to any of my friends. for some reason once they're not physically there i can't be a good friend. i lost my original best friend that way, socially defective. all i have is my gf and puppy and roommate and i flucuate between 'splitting' on them (because i possibly have bpd) and desperately wanting to avoid having them seeing everything wrong with me, they're all i have.

i don't mean to be an attention whore

i've always been this ugly, boring fucking unwanted piece of worm shit. my dad cheated on his wife with my mom. i knew he had left when i was young but i didn't know i was a mistake until my uncle told me, in so many words, the 'truth' about my birth, and how i'm lucky to be alive, and how she prolly should've aborted me (i was a spoiled, shit kid and he was trying to get my attention. honestly this story isn't even a big deal, though i did break down retelling it once. i'm filing it under just being high at the time). i kind of ruined my mother's life. kids never liked me either. in general, people only like me when i'm in full 'social camouflage'. i'm nice, witty, assertive, all the traits of normal folk. as soon as that camo starts to thin, and i start doing all my stupid retarded fucking worthless mannerisms, or sounds, or daydreaming, or opening my mouth to talk naturally about anything i want to at all, i'm outed. i've had my entire classroom laugh at me, more than once. my own friends, even by original bets friend, would make fun of me and call me ugly. i mean, again, nothing new, but just to paint a picture of whatever i guess i'm sorry

i wish i was prettier. i'm a guy but sometimes i wish i was a girl. i don't think its gender dysphoria, i just abhor my physical appearance. i can count on the fingers of one hand how many times ive looked into any kind of reflective surface.

i come from Christianity so i guess the idea of me possibly having depression is so surreal to me. i've thought of suicide nearly every day since this year's started. some days every hour. every minute. constantly. sometimes i daydream about it. sometimes the thoughts make me sad. sometimes i'm so mad at myself i want to make the thoughts a reality, blood and all. sometimes the thoughts get so bad, so gory and so tragic. i'm sorry i guess there's something wrong with me, i feel scared because i feel like i'm being pushed over the edge and i can't do anything about it. i talk to myself, in actual back and forth convos, completely with laughing and inside jokes and even some 'us' 'we' and the like pronouns thrown in (sounds like so many other internet posts lmao). it started as a imaginary friend, and just kinda went from there as I trimmed the fat. it helped. i've been so abysmally lonely most of my life. i have a gf and puppy now. she knows i'm depressed, but i can't tell her how much. i can't tell her that i scope out the highway water bridges for places i can park. or at least walk to. i'm trying so hard. on one hand i know what killing myself would do to her. but some times it gets so dark. sometimes it gets so bad i know she'll be overjoyed to see my corpse. sometimes i think about killing myself in front of her, or my co workers. i think about dying, every day, every minute, every second. i think about dying painfully. i'm smoking all the weed i can and i try not to think about it. i just tell myself i'm venting, mentally. i've never attempted. its just ideation.

i'm sorry