In a bad headspace after a breakup with someone who finally made me feel like things would be okay
It’s been a week since I returned from a six month exchange program overseas. There, I ended a 2y relationship with an addict, who I still cared for but could not love anymore. Then, of course, I fell in love with someone. We were inseparable for the six months. As I struggle with depression, anxiety and schizoaffective disorder, it hasn’t been the easiest for him. 

We planned to end our relationship and continue as friends, but just couldn’t bear to at the departure gates. We decided to try a long distance relationship, but after a week, he’s had enough of me. He has his own problems, and we live 20 hours apart with a 12h time difference, so I don’t blame him at all. I do however carry a lot of resentment for myself for being so down in the past week and pushing him. 

I used to be really sociable, but a multitude of issues have led me to slowly isolate myself from people. I still have friends, but they either don’t actually gaf or they have their own problems and I don’t want to add on to their burdens. It’s also very difficult for me to meet people without any alcohol or drugs to calm the anxiety—something I’m trying to stay away from as my addiction problems have led me to the psych ward. Besides, how much can friends be there for you? It’s you alone in your bed staring at the ceiling til noon the next day for days on end (I’ve had terrible insomnia since coming home). 

I’m still on school break, cannot really occupy my mind by going outside to meet friends or take a part time job or just walk around due to anxiety and psychosis, and all the things I used to watch/do to cheer myself up (music, slam poetry, writing, youtube, netflix, games) I have associated very strongly with him as we have very similar habits. So anything that could make me pass the time makes me sad. 

I’ve loved and lost many times and I know it gets better eventually, but currently it gets very very dark in my mind and I’m not sure what I can do to survive in the meantime. I’m in a very bad place and feel very anhedonic and suicidal thoughts are back (having been accumulated from all these problems). He was the one person that made me feel like someone understood and was there in this big bad world, and without him I feel like I’m floating and nothing will make me feel okay again for a long time. 