I'm a daca recipient and I fucking hate it.
I was born in Mexico and brought to the US when I was 3. This of course means I'm one of those "nasty illegals" everyone seems to hate.

My goal has always been success. Ever since I was a kid I daydreamed of owning a mansion with fancy gates, a huge lawn, a big pool. This was always my goal. I wasn't going to accept living in poverty like my parents or having an "average" life. So I worked hard for it. I was always top of my class, I was on the dean's honor list in college, I started (and failed) my first few businesses, joined clubs, went to a lot of events to meet people, and landed an internship. I was even in the middle of starting my next business. I also got my credit score up to almost 800 and started funding my retirement/investment account.

Because my whole life has been focused on success, I attempted suicide a few times when I found out I was illegal and couldn't even go to college in high school. Obviously they all failed. However in 2012, the year before I graduated, Obama passed daca. Because I had been here since I was a toddler, was going to finish school, and didn't have even a single misdemeanor, I was able to get a social security number, a work permit, a driver's license, open investment accounts, and received protection from deportation.

Now Trump has ended it. The final decision will be made in early August, but it's most likely going to be rescinded. What am I supposed to do then? Just fucking accept losing everything? Everything I worked towards will have been for nothing. Even if daca continues, am I supposed to just keep living in fear of it ending again forever? I'm losing all my fucking hair stressing over this. I've had a cold for months that hasn't gone away, and everything hurts. 

I can't even talk to anyone about this. Everyone just tells me to man up and work some shitty job picking fruit in the fields. No one understands that I actually have goals in life. I refuse to accept a life where I work 60 hours a week, breaking down my body, for $30k a year with no room for advancement and living in fear every day. I've never been fond of life in the first place. The only thing that ever gave me happiness was growing my net worth, and pretty soon I won't even be able to do that. Why shouldn't I end it all at that point?

That's it. I needed to rant. I'm sorry if I sound like a spoiled brat.

TL:DR: I rely on daca to have an even somewhat decent life. It's being taken away. I'm losing everything.