Really struggling with self image - any tips to build self confidence?
I have struggled with my overall view of myself for as long as I can remember - in particular with my weight. Where im at, at the moment feels like the worst its ever been, I keep having full blown melt downs about how much I repulse myself. Throughout my life Ive been on more diets than I can count and tried multiple different excercise routines. About 4 years ago I gained 30kgs really fast and after moping and feeling sorry for myself i decided i would kick it up a notch and started taking things really serious. 6 days a week at the gym, personal training, strict meal plans - the works. This worked so well at the beginning, I dropped 18kgs in the first few months. It came to a halt and for the past 3 years I've continued to lose weight slower - im at about 25 kilos down in total now. I thought I would be further along by now.

 I live and work on the road at the moment travelling from town to town so ive dropped the gym membership but I try and make up for it with doing workout sessions on my own, lots of hiking and swimming. I recently switched to a keto diet from the previous meal plan I was on. I am fitter than I have ever been and what I can achieve now in a physical capacity is so much greater than ever before in my life (I was less fit even as a child) 
The problem I have is that im still so overweight, I very rarely find anything that fits me in stores and i dont have an address to order things online. I feel like people could look at me and assume I dont give a fuck about my health when I do and that makes me feel worse. Anytime I talk to doctors about unrelated issues they make it about my weight. I feel like outwardly im the worst version of myself, I look in the mirror and get angry. Does anyone have any tips on how to pull myself out of this? I feel so crushed when I'm reminded of my weight because I dont feel how I look. I want to be proud of my achievements but I'm not, I feel annoyed that its not better and I havent reached a bigger goal. I think ill never reach a weight I'm happy with - which is not only devastating to me but bothers me so much more because im genuinely trying my hardest. Ive had hiccups and times where I've literally tried to eat my feelings away but I always pick myself up and try again. I dont know how many more times I can fail.

 In an effort to help me stay on track my partner started eating the same foods as me. Weightloss had never been his goal or something he was focusing on, it was just to make it easier on me not to see him eating a toasted cheese sandwich while I was eating salad with no dressing. He wanted to limit the temptation and helped cook me awesome healthy meals that tasted a million times better than anything I cooked. For him it worked a treat, he was never overweight just a bit stocky, but hes since lost so much weight and looks amazing. And whilst im so happy for him it hurts as it just shows how much progress i havent made. As stupid as it sounds I think it highlights my weight more when we're together cause he looks so fit and healthy and I look like I sit around eating kfc all day. I want to be confident or at least more confident but I'm so critical on myself I cant even begin to let the confidence through. Any thoughts on this are appreciated and thankyou to anyone who took the time to read this.