The last 3 days felt like the first days of my life. Today feels like the beginning of the last days.
I have been having depression since Senior Year. I have been fighting non stop for 5 years. I took gap years to fight depression. Until last October, I thought depression has gone cause i felt totally normal at that time. During the time, I had a lot of ups and downs. Lots of tears, lots of laugh. But i have never given up on myself

Last November, my brother did sth bad. And my ex attempted suicide. That is when i got depressed again. The first time in 2 years 

Until 3 days ago, I met a girl. "Perfect stranger" is the word that would suit her the most. My situation with her is exactly like in the movie "Before we go" by Chris Evan. 2 strangers meet each other out of 7 billion people but they would never see each other again. And 3 days after we met ( we hung out everyday for the last 3 days), she is gone. We still keep contact but I dont think i would ever see her again ( please dont ask why). She knows about depression. She made me make a promise to reach out to her every time i get depressed.

The last 3 days were the happiest days of my life. It feels like I actually live for the first time. But i also got depressed since. I got depressed because i couldn't recall her image. I couldnt recall her face. I couldn't recall what she looked like when we first met. And i couldnt remember why those were the happiest days of my life. I just recall those were the happiest. All i can recall is a brief moment of her smile for like 5-10 secs, her voice, and the moment when we were about to say good bye that i poured out my heart. Everything is so blurry.  

Then i went on to google to search for blurry memories and depression. And it leads me to "depression and memory loss" and " depression and Alzheimer " . Then i started to shed tears. I was thinking about the day i actually lost my memories. What if it actually comes, What if one day i wouldnt remember her, my mom, my best friends, and even myself ? I was teaching in class when i shed tears. I had to run to the bathroom and cried in there for 15 mins. Luckily noone noticed.

I remembered my promise to her. I was about to text her. And then i started to cry again. I will bother her. I will make her worried. I will waste her time. And i cant afford to hurt people i love.

This is the beginning of the end.

Please help.