Am I Depressed or is it something else?
This seems like a dumb question because to an extent I know I'm depressed but not to a clinical level. Like I hate the situation I'm in. I hate being in debt. I hate living where I live. That sort of thing. 

However, I'm not unmotivated. Like at all. I'm not hopeless. I'm not suicidal in any way. I'm terrified of death in fact one of my biggest fears is that I'll get so depressed that I'll become suicidal which is weird, I know but the point is, nothing in me wants to die. 

That being said, I'm tired all the time. I mean physically exhausted. Which seems to contradict major depression. I get up every day, shower every day, though I don't really want to go to work I go to work and do work with no issue (it's more that I don't enjoy my job that much on most days honestly some days it's super fun it's just one of those things it really has to do with the fact that I'm older and I'm not doing what I thought I'd be doing by this point in my life more than I hate my job). 

I can't think of many reasons why I'd be this physically exhausted all the time. Literally every doctor says "You you are just massively depressed". No, I don't believe I'm depressed to the degree that it makes me physically exhausted. If I still have plenty of hope for the future, want to get up, want to get dressed, want to shower, want to look good...how is this major depression to a point where I'm also tired all the time? Is it possible to have some major depressive disorder and not be hopeless and still be motivated to work hard and try new things? Because if it is, someone needs to tell me that. Any time a doctor tells me I must be depressed if I'm so tired all the time and I tell them that I'm not hopeless or suicidal or unmotivated then they go, "Oh well I don't know what it is then". 

I'm very annoyed with this because I never used to be physically exhausted like this before and doctors seem to just dismiss it as depression when I'm positive my depression isn't so bad it's ONLY making my physically exhausted and not having any other emotional affect on me. I'm frustrated so, if anyone can answer this it'd be helpful so I can see what avenue to pursue next. 

Note: It's not a problem with my thyroid or adrenal gland I already had those checked twice by two different doctors. 