Back pain has brought me to a dark space.
I’ve been struggling with back pain for 2 years now and I’m 17. 

I play soccer (football), and thats all I know, I’ve played my whole life. I don’t have much friends nor other hobbies besides gaming (very mediocre gamer). However, these pass two years have been terrible. Due to my undying love for the sport, I would try to play through the pain. (regret it) Which has only made me worse. I decided my first Summer with back pain that I would not play for a month. Which I achieved with no real results. I passed the time playing Video games. However, the constant sitting probably made my back worse. I played a tournament that same Summer after the month break. 5 games some sort of international tournament. By the end of the tournament my back had gotten so bad I couldn’t bear to move. Despite all this, I somehow got chosen to go to Spain. Few months later I went to Spain at 16, with back pain, played soccer and such but didn’t get noticed. Fast forward to now and I’ve gone a whole season barley playing and still struggle with back pain. Now I’m 17, I’ve gone this whole Summer without much activity just stretching and ab work outs. 

The Summer is almost over and the realization that I haven’t gotten better is  bringing a dark cloud over me. I scream at night out of anger and sadness. I constantly tell myself I want to die(&lt;-Im not sure if this is breaking a rule, sorry in advanced, just tell me and I’ll remove this part), and I cry everyday. 

I do most of those things in private, when no one’s home (excluding the random screaming I do at night). 
I don’t want my mom to worry about me like she does my diagnosed depressed big brother, and also her dealing with my little brother’s life (He’s 7). On top of all that my mom is a single mom and barley has time for her own life and gets sad easily. (The sight of my mom sad deeply pains me inside) I’ve always been the one kid that could take care of himself. She has even told me personally that she is glad that she doesn’t need to worry too much about me (only deals with my back pain, she takes me to rehab). 

I’ve been to the Doctors and have done a MRI, they say its nothing. Just functional.  (Whatever that means...) 

Point is, I’m very sad and I feel like I’m getting worse everyday. I don’t know what to do with my life. The one thing I was good at is now gone. I don’t have any other talents or interest.I feel empty without soccer and I don’t know how to feel it.

TL; DR: I’ve played soccer my whole life, got a back injury two years ago and I still haven’t healed. Doctors say its nothing) As a result, I am very sad but I keep it to myself. I’m not good at anything else. 