This is how I feel and I have a slight sense I am the only one to think think this way. I am depressed? Help wanted
I yearn for the days I was in high school. I felt as if I was always happy and never worried about anything. I am 22, just having graduated from University. It seems each day I am becoming a person who does not want to have a relationship with anyone other then my family. I want to be alone. Happiness to me is being sheltered by reality--alone with my thoughts. I deleted every single bit of social media I had about a year ago (SC, FB, Insta, Twitter, etc) in an attempt to become as alone as possible.

I truly deep down wish I was never born, but I would never ever commit suicide. I wish more then anything else that I can just disappear and leave this world.

I am studying for the MCAT currently. I don't have any problem doing so because of my extremely addictive personality, but I find that I enjoy things that take my mind off of reality. Studying, reading, listening to music or going for a drives are my favorite ways to achieve this. But the reality I see is that this world is shit. I believe that as a whole, humans are riddled with greed and selfishness that are the motivations behind MOST of everything in this world. And by humans, that obviously includes myself and I hate myself down to the core for the selfish things I have done.

Maybe I am too cynical or something. But this bad world syndrome fucks my brain and idk. I REEEEALLLLY question every aspect of life and I can't help it. Each time I am left with questions that completely make me hate the way this world is. I guess I can give one example. The most recent self-philosophical argument I had is the idea of wars, with murdering others specifically. We praise those who fight for our country, yet at the same time a great deal of these same people are super religious. Do people not evaluate the reality they are in? Do they not question why they believe the things they do? Am I the only one? Does someone's act of ending another life provide justification for doing the same? Who is to even say so? If they would kill all of us if we did not kill them, then what makes our lives worth more? 

That's just one example, but then I look at areas like American healthcare or the fact my family and others are wealthy while there are people fucking dying because they cannot get water or food. Even the American political system with the deep state and shit. Why are we even on this damn earth? Seriously, what is the point of everything in life? I simply don't view the joys of life being worth living for.

I just don't understand. This whole text here is just me rambling my thoughts in hopes that someone somewhere reading this could maybe help me. 