Is it stress, depression or burn out?
Hey,

I’m a diabetic 1 with Autism. For the past 3 years i have felt constant fatigue, no motivation, sleep issues, stomach problems, bad memory and concentration issues.

I took antidepressants Cymbalta 60 mg before this during 8 months for major stress and it helped me with almost no side effects.

But after i quit antidepressants Cymbalta 60 mg ,the fatigue, no motivation, sleep issues, stomach problems and concentration issues has been persistent in my life. Now for 3 years.

No matter how much rest i get i feel tired. Even if excercise, eat healthy, do yoga and meditation.

My blood sugar levels has been up and down lately. But even if they are controlled i feel the same. 

A cause could be that i have worked on a lot of projects during the past 3 years. 

It went as far as that i started to get suicide thoughts. I do not feel any ups or downs in my life. Things i used to like to do isles enjoyable. I rather stay at home than being social.

I believe i have major depression and i have visited psychologist and psychiatrist who have advised me to take antidepressants.

But the question is if I’m stressed, have major depression or simply burnt out.

I certainly feel that i have a huge major depression. My OCD thought are back and i have been stuck on testing my blood sugar 10-15 times per day during the past year. Which also could bring my stress levels up. The past year has been very stressful for me work wise. But even if i get a weekend of rest i don’t feel rested. I have been to different psychiatrists and psychologist and the conclusion is either major depression or burn out.

I barely have the energy to clean my apartment anymore, wash my clothes or think about my hygiene. I feel tearful occasionally on some days. 

I have thought about taking antidepressants again, particularly Cymbalta since it worked for me the first time. But i have been afraid of taking them. 

Instead my psychiatrist described me brintellix (Vortioxetine), 10 mg per day for my depression.

But the question is, i’m i stressed, depressed or burnt out? Anyone have been in a similar case? 

Any experiences of the antidepressants brintellix (Vortioxetine) for major depression? I’m so afraid of starting to take them, but i don’t want to feel this way of every morning waking up with no motivation for anything that the day brings me. 