Feeling Trapped
Hello,

I am 22 and had quite severe depression during the age of 17-18. My past 3 years of life from the ages 19-22 have actually been great and I have had no problems. I have had a girlfriend since the age of 20 whom I love. I have worked a few different mundane jobs, and have been going to school for electrical engineering. I am entering my last year of undergraduate school in the ASU online program. 

The reason my depression has returned is because I feel trapped, mainly due to my living situation. I would consider my upbringing to be the low end of middle class, and yes I realize there are people much worse off than I am. I grew up in a family of 6, 2 parents and 4 siblings including myself. For the past 18 years we have lived in an 1800 sq. ft.  town house in California, right off of a busy street. There are 2 rooms in the house. The master bedroom is rather large, I would estimate about 2.5x as big as the other bedroom. Up until a few months ago when my sister moved out, all 4 of us siblings were sharing the smaller room. Now there are 3 of use sharing it, but still two bunk beds taking up the same space. There is absolutely no space, and I am 6'3" tall and do not really fit into my twin size bunk bed. My mom has kept the large master bedroom for herself over the years, and has forced my father to sleep in the living room, despite the fact that he is the one who pays the bills. She is a selfish person. My desk, which is where I try to study and work, and where I spend most of my time, is in the living room. My dad is usually in the living room watching TV, and there are lots of noise and distractions from other people and the kitchen etc.  which make it nearly impossible to study or just relax. 

This didn't really bother me much as a kid, but now that I am 22, it is getting worse and worse everyday. Because I do online schooling (which was not what I intended) , I have little to no interaction with peers and my schooling is basically sitting in front of my computer at home. I feel completely trapped. The bedroom I share is completely cramped, and usually one of my other siblings is in it. In the living room I am surrounded by distractions and other people, with absolutely no privacy. It is hard to study or focus on anything. I feel like I have no space to myself, like there is nowhere to go. I often feel extremely anxious and depressed, and feel as though someone is cramming me into a box. This makes me just want to cease being conscious. All I think about is how badly I need to move out. Every night it is getting worse and worse, until I decided to come here tonight to post. 

Due to school payments, and buying a car, it is not possible to move out with the mediocre job that I have. There is still another year until I graduate school, and even then I don't know for certain if I will be able to get a job that will enable me to move out. I will still have to pay off school loans after that. The thought of staying here for another year, or even worse 2-3 years is completely unbearable. My girlfriend and I have made plans to move out together eventually, but that probably wouldn't happen for another 2 years minimum. This had made me extremely depressed and anxious the past 6 months. Does anyone have any advice for what I should do? I have been considering spending more time at libraries during the day.  I have also been trying to spend a little more time outside and at the gym etc. But if anyone else has been in a similar situation, please give me advice. 

Note: I know there are people who have it much worse. Homeless, disabled, etc. I realize that and that is the main thing that I try to think about when I feel depressed and anxious. That I have it better than some people. But this is just my personal situation I am trying to deal with. 