Help, I'm not sure if my partner is depressed. I need help moving forward.
A little background on my partner and our relationship, he's 23 and I'm 21. He lost his mother to sickness when he was 17 years old, dropped out of school because of that and moved away to complete a foundation course. We met while he was back home but he currently studies overseas to complete his bachelor's degree. However, he's been home for the past 2.5 weeks as he is having his semester break.

We began dating a year and 2 months ago. He's been nothing but the most supportive and kind partner I've ever had the honour of dating. Very caring, remembers the little things and is very physically affectionate. However for the past 2.5 weeks, he's been incredibly hot and cold with me. The worst instance having been on Thursday (4 days ago).

We had planned to meet at 2pm, but at 2pm he asks if we can meet at 5pm because 'the weather is too hot'. Fair enough, so we decide to meet at 5pm.

When I meet him, he is cold and withdrawn and does not even acknowledge me. I reach for his hand and he lets me hold it, but the bus ride is filled with nothing but silence. He's looking out the window and he doesn't want to speak to me. We reach our destination and head to a restaurant for early dinner, but he orders one tiny dish and doesn't want to eat anymore because he has no appetite. I asked him what's wrong and he said he's just tired. I asked if he's angry at me and he says no. He continues being very physically affectionate by holding my hand and holding my waist but he doesn't want to make eye contact with me or kiss me. He smiles all of 2 times while we're out.

We then decide to head to a bar (his decision, even though I told him I'm okay with going home), but we just drank our beers in silence, I tried telling him about a book I had just bought but I could tell he was disinterested. While on the way back home, I teared up while telling him that I've been trying so hard to communicate with him but I have just not gotten a response. He tells me that he's tired and it's got nothing to do with me. We head back home and I tell him to text me when he's back home but he doesn't. It's been 4 days since then and I texted him last night but to no response (it's been 24 hours).

Other reasons why I think he may be depressed are:- A week before he came home, he found out his dog of 13 years passed away.

\- He has a very erratic sleep schedule. He'll sleep at 5am, wake up at noon.

\- He doesn't want to do things that we planned to do. We wanted to go for an exhibition and he said we'll go 'next week' but that hasn't happened yet.

\- We haven't had sex in a week.

\- He hasn't met his best friend of a few years even though he's been home for 2.5 weeks.

\- He hasn't made contact with me for 4 days, this is out of the ordinary.

\- He's totally checked out of social media, not stayed up to date with memes and Instagram stories (with the only exception being last night when he watched my Instagram story)

\- His Instagram and Twitter bio is "Have fun. Be kind. Die." (!!!!)

I feel so lost and helpless, and I feel like I'm grasping at straws trying to figure out what's going on. I don't know if this could be depression or if it's just a case of him checking out of this relationship. If any of these signs are an indicator, please please please let me know what I can do. I feel especially on edge because he's leaving to go back to uni in a few days but I don't know when I'll be able to see him again.

I don't know how to reach out to him, he didn't respond to my text message and the last thing I want to do is shove him deeper into isolation. Please give me any advice you can on how to go about dealing with the situation. I love him so much and I want to support him, but I don't know how.