Finished my goodbye letters. Would just like to vent a little before I hang up my hat...
For the last two months I went through hell with my relationship to my GF that I was planning on proposing to right before this all began. Since May she's been telling me how she's depressed and doesn't know why and that our relationship is failing because of it. I did absolutely everything I could to help even changing so many things about myself. This went on for over a month until she said we needed to take a break which we began to and for the next month we were on and off yet still living together and in my eyes things were turning around for the better. Well, June 29th I found out the reason for all this was that she was talking to a co-worker that lives down the street and began sleeping with him while I was at work. Unfortunately I snapped and went to confront the guy which she blocked the door from me leaving and I just ripped it open hitting her with the door not even thinking bruising her shoulder. 4 days later she calls the cops and 2 days after that I'm arrested for domestic battery. We were planning a life together and I've never felt so betrayed. After a couple days I began to see the light and once I did my mother had a heart attack and I can't help but blame myself for putting her through all this stress. Normally if I had family problems I would turn to Kaitlyn my GF and if I had GF problems I would speak to my mother or my brother who lives half way across the country. Well, now I have no one to turn to and I'm spiralling out of control. Last night I spent a few hours writing my goodbyes and have been collecting a variety of sleeping pills and muscle relaxers. Im gonna try and enjoy the next couple days and then I'm pulling all my money out of the bank to go find a beautiful scenery and make that my last memory. You've always been a huge help Reddit over the last few years but this is my breaking point. If convicted which I most likely will be according to my lawyer then the rest of my life is tarnished and getting a good job will be next to impossible. Hell I'll probably lose my current job once my name begins to get drug through the mud... Idk where I'm going with this just really needed to vent to someone that isn't gonna just tell me keep your chin up and things will get better like my friends and family. They just don't understand the dark place that I'm in right now. I've dealt with what I believe to have been mild depression for about the last 15 years living in a very racist area and being half fillipino and half white. I've never truly felt like I fit in anywhere and am just tired. I'm ready for peace. 