Depressed people get sick, too; How stigma in the medical community made me sicker
I’ve often found myself in a chicken and egg situation with my doctors when it comes to depression. 

When I say I’m sick, they are too quick to assume the depression is the cause of my pain and not the other way around. After five minutes listening to me breathe, looking into my throat, and and touching the outside of my neck, they are stumped so it must be mental illness. It got the the point that when I was having severe abdominal pain, I didn’t go to the hospital. I had to push for any kind of testing, which took forever. When I finally found a doctor who listened to me, she told me I should have gone to the ER. Then I was depressed about that; I had let the other doctors make me doubt my own sanity.

Turns out, I’ve been pretty sick and needed surgery. Nearly all of the issues they blamed on depression were due to a chronic, painful illness with no cure. It’s bittersweet, I’ve solved a big piece of the puzzle for sure. But I’m still struggling a lot.

I just found out that I may be infertile. After my doctor said having a baby could help my condition. So that was depressing too. (I don’t think my depression caused my infertility. Checkmate, doctors!)

I did start seeing a psychiatrist, and he is a kind man. He diagnosed me with depression and anxiety. He has never suggested that my depression is the cause of my physical problems, and he seems to be sympathetic to me as a chronic pain patient. He’s given me depression medication, but I don’t know how much it’s helping. Chronic illness is a thing that happens to people and it’s just *depressing*. I’ve always had depression, but this just makes it worse. He has never dismissed me for feeling that way or written off my pain as being in my head.

Just wanted to share my experience with others who might understand. People with depression can experience health issues and get dismissed so easily. It took me years and years to get anywhere. It’s a struggle to cope with both mental and physical illness. Here’s to getting through today, friends.

