Helping a girlfriend with depression possibly?
Hello,

I want to first off say this is a throwaway. I also looked for similar post regarding what I will ask, but i really want a tailored answer for my own sanity. Sorry for being selfish, this is just hard. I have been dating this girl for almost a year and I know she has been slipping into an abyss of what I cannot diagnose, but seems like depression. I will start with a time table.

We began dating after meeting on a popular dating app and we hit it off fast. Similar interest, goals, outlooks, expectations, and lifestyle. We became extremely close with in two months and then out of the blue she tells me its over. I didn't feel it was a justifiable way to end the relationship. I contacted her and we had long winded email correspondence with in which she had this quote to me " I feel lost at work, lost in my personal life, and just lost with trying to find my happiness. You do make me happier. And idk what just snapped last week but I was super depressed all week ."

I talked with her and we set small goals to rekindle and help her find her happiness. We got back together with in two weeks and that started a prolonged honeymoon period for which we traveled, went on ski trips, took our dogs on hikes, and generally enjoyed ourselves.

This continued until march or 2018, when I noticed her slipping back in to her just overall never satisfied state. I got worried and tried to lightly push her to no avail. I then tried to make plans at least twice a month to help distract her and give her a solid thing to look forward to. She never changed and just got worse to the point where the last 2 months, she gets home from work smokes enough weed to put me to sleep, eats too much and then goes to sleep by 9. I tried to encourage by proxy by going to the gym and going to parks with her dog and taking pictures and even getting closer with her family. nothing worked.

Fast forward to 2 weeks ago, she went to Sweden on a vacation with her best friend and had a blast and was calling me everyday so happy and excited. I thought we had a legitimate break through. Then one week before she returns i start to only get 1 or 2 text a day, I figure she is living her best life to busy with international travel to communicate regularly like she requested.

She returns and we spend one night together and she calls me at school to come over to her place asap. she dumps me with little to no explanation. I met with her once more to voice my opinion and she was just quiet and had nothing to say but sorry and that i deserve someone who loves me like Love her. Today she starts emailing me about how she just needs space and she wants me to still talk to her family.

I really do not know what to think...

My friends say fuck her move on.

I have never had a connection or love for someone outside my family and I have had at least 3 relationships over 2 years (I am almost 30). This one really felt different, the way she looked in my eyes and the way we talked about all our joint desires, just felt so good.

I just want everyone to know I am open to honest responses and please feel free to speak openly, I just hurt because I feel like this is when she needs me most, but also might just need her own time to figure her self out. Thank you for your time and help. 

Cheers,

Your Reddit friend.