Feeling good about helping people
Does anyone else here ever feel better about themselves when you're able to offer a little help or guidance to someone off the street you don't know?

As an example, sometime last month I was having a pretty meh day, just... Not feeling the worst ever, but not feeling very good either, when on my way home I happened to find an iPhone sitting on a grate outside the subway station.

I picked it up and looked around for the owner, then after entering the station found a couple of young women searching their bags and I asked if the phone was theirs. It was, and they said "thank you so much!" And I felt really happy that I'd been able to help them, like, I just kinda decided right then to forget about my problems, because, I'd helped someone. Like, maybe those two would have never found their phone if I hadn't come along. I mean they probably would have, but, y'know. I felt like I'd been helpful in a real small but meaningful way and that felt good.

I really like helping people, but I usually get upset when I try to help people I actually know personally, because, well, people don't always want help with more personal issues, or even with simple issues from people they know well, and trying to tell when to help or not is just really complicated. Like, I'll just real nicely try to suggest a solution to a problem, or simply offering some consolation, and instead of, I dunno, actually trying it or telling me patiently why that isn't a good idea, they just rail on me and tell me to shut up or whatever. And I just feel like, jeez, what'd I do? I'm trying to help here...

And I always get real upset about that and doubt myself over it, like, am I doing a bad thing by trying to be nice? I know that's not true, I get sometimes people want to figure things out on their own, or I guess you don't like my attitude or blablabla, but, I dunno, you can't maybe acknowledge that I'm trying to do good?

But in a situation where it's just strangers, trying to find their way, cross the street, lost a thing or whatever, it's easy to tell when they need help, because everything's a lot more straightforward, if that makes sense. If someone needs help, it's usually pretty obvious and they're almost always pretty receptive to help, and, provided you just look like a normal person, they don't judge. No biases or baggage over past interactions or whatever, they're just happy to have help.

So yeah I guess this is a little longer than it needs to be, but, yeah. Helping random people feels good and distracts from my depression a little. Is what I was saying.

Anyone else feel this way?