Every Day is Exactly the Same. I'm Lonely, Worthless, and Done With Life
Every day, I wake up, go to work, come home, and go to sleep. That's basically it. That's my life. Sure, I have a few friends that I see on the weekends, but it only helps so much.

My ex girlfriend broke up with me and moved out of our apartment 6 months ago now. The almost three years we were together were the only time in my life where my depression was pretty much nonexistent. When she came home that day and told me she was done, I was floored. I had no idea that she felt the way she did, and she wouldn't even discuss the matter with me.

I've tried meeting other people since then, and I've gone on exactly three dates with one person. That's it. I'm basically invisible to women, and no amount of effort will ever change that. I just have to accept the reality that I hold absolutely no value in a romantic context. Why? I don't know. Maybe it's because my generation is only interested in people who are aesthetically in the top tier, or make the most money. Maybe it's because my generation is eschewing committed relationships in favor of having fuck buddies left and right, whoring themselves out to whoever will get their rocks off, both men and women are at fault for this. I don't think I'm a particularly unattractive guy, and I make a pretty damn good amount of money for my age, but since I'm not in that top 10% of men, I'm just always going to be passed over and there's absolutely nothing I can do about it. It's almost like there something inherent to my existence that prevents me from having any intimacy. No matter how much money I make or how much I improve myself, that intrinsic quality of my being will always hold me back. I didn't ask for this, but it's the way things are, so I've pretty much given up completely.

I don't have any plans of offing myself or anything like that. But every day, it gets harder and harder to convince myself that I actually have anything worth living for. The one thought I keep coming back to is how scared my cat would be if I gave her to a shelter or how she'd get by if I were gone. I love my cat, and she doesn't deserve to be put in a situation like that. I feel like she's the only thing keeping me marginally together. The thought of causing her any distress breaks my heart, and one of the big things on my mind all the time is simply making sure she's happy and feels safe.

I feel worthless and frustrated. I wish I understood how to achieve what I want in life and be happy, but I guess that's just not in the cards. I can't wait until the day I die, I'll finally get some goddamn peace and quiet. I'm so tired of feeling broken. I'm so tired of constantly being reminded that there's something wrong with me, like I'm some sort of bastard aberration of what humans are supposed to be. I've struggled with this for 12 years now. I don't know how much more I can take.