Painfully lonely and spiraling into the worst depression I've ever been in
I recently moved to a new city for a job after college. I have a few friends at work, but they're a group of guys that I don't have a lot in common with and we don't really talk outside of the occasional work conversation. They're nice and I'm happy to be friends with them, but it's hard for me to really get to know them because they do "guy stuff" on the weekends (like sitting around drinking and playing FIFA) that I'm totally not interested in/they don't bother inviting me to. Other than that, I have a few online friends that I'm growing increasingly dependent on for social interaction which is really unhealthy. I notice myself getting more paranoid with them about not responding, and I bug them way too much to the point where I know I would definitely be annoyed if I was them. Also they're not very supportive (probably the opposite) but it's not their fault -- they're just causal online friends that shouldn't have to cater to my current host of mental problems.

I'm totally alone. My family and college friends live 4 hours away. I have pretty bad social anxiety and I'm terrified of every new social interaction I have. I work 9 hours and come home to my empty apartment and watch netflix to escape my own life, every day. I sometimes hear from my college friends about all of the fun they're still having together and it honestly brings me to tears that I have such a pathetic lonely life now. I've never been able to have a "normal" social life -- it takes me forever to make close friends, and then even at my best I only have a handful of good friends at a time. I don't enjoy going out every weekend or the other obvious ways of making friends, and that wouldn't work now anyway since I would NEVER go alone and I don't have a single person that I could ask to go with me. 

When I was a freshman in college I had this same problem -- absolutely zero friends and living in a totally different city. It was the worst depression I've ever been through. I had dozens and dozens of online friends at the time (now we've all lost touch and moved on from the RPG we were playing) that helped ease the loneliness, and I eventually joined a student club and finally made friends after like a year of going. There's not really anything I can "join" like that in a non-college town... I've been applying for a few volunteering things, they haven't started but I'm doubtful that it will be a good way to meet people. 

I honestly just need ONE person to talk to. Anyone. I don't know what's wrong with me, I'm not a complete weirdo or anything and I know I can have meaningful friendships (just 90% of them have been online, and now I can't even seem to make any fucking online friends either), but I live the loneliest life of anyone I've ever known or heard of. I've never been serious about suicide, but recently that's changed and it's becoming something I could actually picture myself doing. I'm a long way from that but at this point I don't see anything getting better and I practically cry myself to sleep some days and have to hide emotional breakdowns at work after eating lunch alone. 

Does anyone have any advice for meeting new people in a non-college town? Anyone else having the same problem? I'm so lost and sad and pathetic