Crashing In
Sorry this is long.

I've been depressed since I was 15. First signs were at age 4.  I found pot and stayed high for 8 years. Clean and sober for 30 years, I never stopped having suicidal thoughts despite medication. So I tried to bury the pain in relationships, which didn't work either. I've been married three times in recovery.

I had a daughter who I love very much, and we used to be very close.  She became a reason to live.  Then 4 years ago she didn't want to live with me 1/2 time any more. She became argumentative and we fought a lot.   Last year I found out she was accusing me of sexual abuse, with help from her mom ( first wife) and therapist, which is not true. The therapist never reported the abuse, and told daughter I have NPD, which also is not true.  So I got a guardian ad litem to investigate and found my daughter was suicidal, claiming PTSD because of the alleged molestation. The lawyer never helped my daughter, sparking a slide into deeper depression. My wife and parents didn't do much to try to help.  They got angry when I begged them to step in. Suidical ideation and inappropriate attention-getting threats became an actual plan, and a way to do it without leaving the stain of suicide.

Then at work I made a $5 billion discovery that is extremely disruptive in the industry I work in. My quarter million dollar program found out millions are being spent on the wrong strategy. And 1/2 my team works on the other strategy at the same time as they are helping me, so they are taking steps to undermine the findings. Lately they gave up trying to block the discovery, and the fact that we can literally feed more people with no more land used for farming, by raising more animals (naturally) with the same amount of feed. I'm getting invited to speak globally about the discovery. The suicidal thoughts deepen, knowing the disruption to status quo is only beginning.

Just before Christmas my third wife moved out, and I spent Christmas alone because my parents were sick. Last night she told my mom she intends to get a divorce. 

The medicine isn't working. The AA old timers are saying I'm depressed because I'm not working the steps correctly. I'm going to 2-3 meetings a day, most days.

In two days I'm shutting down the case I opened to try to get help for my daughter. 

I can hardly work, because I can't complete thoughts very well any more, being so depressed.

I've been complaining about feeling depressed and suicidal, because it's true, and it became a way to relate to the world, which makes people leave. The spiral is getting tighter, and it feels like a black hole is pulling me in. I can't imagine facing another divorce feeling this low.

Mom said to get a roast beef out of the freezer and cook it with some potatoes and carrots and stop thinking about negative things. I went to Landmark and they say this is all just a story, and part of a racket I created to avoid responsibility. They say I can create something different by changing my story.

I've tried a rainbow of medicine, and tomorrow I increase Latuda from 20 mg to 40, and keep the trintellex at 20, per MD. 

I can't do anything now because third wife will get 1/2, and parents are too old to deal with my belongings. My thoughts turn to seeing if I can find someone else who will love me anyway, or giving up. I want to give up but not really.  I really want to live, but I can't see any hope. And I can't stand the thought of being alone. 

Any help, hope or ideas would be appreciated.  Thank you.