I lost my job, i'm in the worst place i have ever been, and nothing makes sense or feels fair.
I have worked at the same place for nearly three years. It's an entry level retail job, but i haven't ever had anything else, so it was really the only thing that made me feel validated. Recently, for the fifth time i got passed up for a promotion, but this time marked the end. The girl who got promoted over me is one of my best friends in the world. She is absolutely amazing, and i am so happy for her, but it was the hardest to accept. She started about a year ago, and i helped train her and build her up. Fairly quickly, we became the face of the job that we did. She was my partner in everything, and i feel like i would be there for the things she couldn't do, and she would be there for the things i couldn't do. Seeing her success is the most proud i have ever been, but it's made me the most miserable. I basically found out that after busting my ass for over two years, my partner was going to be my boss. I hate that. I lost the person that was my rock in the things that i did. I don't want to work under her, i wanted to be there with her. She told me when it happened out of respect for me, and i turned in my resignation the next day. Now the only thing that made me feel validated and gave me security is gone, and i don't know what to do. 

My friend understood everything of course. More than just being my partner in work, she was the only person who could tell when things got really bad for me. When i hide how miserable i am, she's the first person to notice, and the only person who understands and will tell me what i need to hear. If there is any upside to all of this, it's that at least i still have my friend. In my overthinking and fear, i guess i was afraid this would change things. I learned pretty fast how much care and respect she holds for me, and i don't think anything will change that. I hope not.

This job was beating me down. I trained a lot of our best staff, and i had a lot of associate come to me before management, feeling like i was more of a leader to them than our actual leadership was. We lost a lot of people due to burnout and frustration with management, but i know that i always cared about the people i got to train and help, and took a lot of pride in their success. Even after getting underpaid, undervalued, and shafted at every turn, i always stayed because i cared about the people i worked with and i wouldn't give up on them. One would think that leaving a shit situation would make me happy, but it just doesn't. Despite my 2+ years retail and leadership experience, it's been hard to find another job. Most people offer me less money than i made before (not much) and basically completely ignore any qualifications i actually have. 

I am in school. I finish community college this year and will move to a four year school assuming i can as my performance isn't amazing. I I want to pursue grad school to gain qualifications as an industrial/org psychologist, but everything seems so far away. I feel like with being a Psych major i'm just going to end up equally as useless with a four year degree, and even if grad school does work out, that's overall another four years from now. I have to pay bills, and i hate feeling so useless. 

I'm not going to starve and die or anything. My family has money, and has offered to help me pay bills if i can't find a job, but that just makes things worse in a way. I moved away from home because i wanted to be my own person. It has been three years and i haven't had to ask for help from anybody. I hate the thought that i will have to rely on these people who have given me everything to give me more. It isn't their fault that i'm a fuck up.

A man said to the universe: 

“Sir, I exist!”

“However,” replied the universe, 

“The fact has not created in me 
A sense of obligation.” 


- Stephen Crane

I know that life isn't fair. I know nobody owes me anything, but i hate that it seems like i always end up last. My friend gets to be happy, my other friend practically runs the store now (but not enough to help, because the SM makes all the decisions and she's shitty), but i have the least and i get the least. My staff and coworkers get people to hang out with. Everyone gets to go home to someone that loves them when they fail and gets comfort from that. I don't get that. I am alone, and i have always been. The joy i get is from making other people happy because i can't make myself happy. I want to make these people never have to feel how i do. It's just so fucking unfair that things just seem to work out better for everyone else. I don't know what to do, i don't know where to go, and i don't know how to be happy.

This is the worst it has been. Usually i go home for a bit to take my mind off things, or can occupy my time with videos games or something to take my mind off things. Nothing is fun right now. Not turning to alcohol is hard. I really feel like things will get better but..... how fucking long does it take? What do i do until then?