I began to openly discuss my depression to my friends. It was very painful to discuss but I think it's a step in the right direction.
Up to now, I have never discussed my depression with anyone besides my husband and my therapist. I have slight PTSD from when I was kid and a teacher had been "concerned" for me by some disturbing behavior. I felt even more misunderstood and felt so much anguish that I became really good at disguising my depression. I hid it under a fake, likable, version of myself because I wanted to fit in and feel like I belong.

Currently, my closest friends are my coworkers but they the most judgmental people I've known. We became close by commiserating together at work. Fast forward a few years, I am finally starting to feel better after seeking help for my depression. I've been seeing a therapist for over a year, began taking antidepressants two months ago, and have been taking cognitive behavioral therapy sessions. As I begin to feel better, I also feel more miserable hanging out with my friends.

I decided to be more open with the people around me about my depression. I revealed it today for the first time with one of my closest friends. It was incredibly scary for me... I haven't felt this vulnerable in a long time. My friends typically see me as a guarded person with a hard exterior, but I felt tears welling in my eyes. He was very surprised to hear, but I'm not the first person he knows with depression so it was reassuring to know he didn't think I was some sort of freak. He also commended me for taking steps in getting better and encouraged me to continue talking about it. It was a positive experience overall.

I then decided to tell another friend later in the day because I was feeling good after the discussion I had earlier. It went a little differently though... His first question was, "what do you have to be depressed about?!" which instantly flooded my mind with negative feelings of remorse. I tried my best to keep calm and answer his questions honestly. I explained that it's not any thing or anyone that is making me *feel* depressed. It's a mental condition I have which causes me to be in a persistent state of sadness and worthlessness. He asked me if I understand where Eric is coming from (his bipolar nephew that he sometimes mentions), and I said yes. He then seemed to become more curious and asked me many questions about what it's like. 

In the end, I feel like I educated him on depression and hopefully helped debunk his belief that depression is just a feeling that people should be able to snap out of. I honestly don't think I could have these conversations if I was in the state I was even a month ago. Even today, I felt myself slipping into the familiar downward spiral. I don't know what kept me composed today, but I'm so proud of myself for making it through the conversation without snapping or becoming defensive. Perhaps if I had these conversations in reverse order, it could've been a completely different experience.

I hope this inspires others to talk about it, seek help and be open to receiving it. It was quite uncomfortable but I am happy to create an opening for other people to understand what we are going through.

