What’s the point of coming up if you’re gonna go down?
I moved to a new city with the love of my life after 5 years of loving him. I was ready to propose, I looked at rings, I called jewelers. I debated getting a ring of meteorite, you know? He’s super nerdy, super cute. Science geek and all. I’d like to think every guy buying rings thinks about the meteorite ring haha.

Then he tells me that he feels like a she. I loved her no matter what. I told her I still loved her and that she’s going to be one of the most beautiful girls ever. I still planned to propose. I loved her more that she’s her true self.

Then my heart gets broken. She tells me that she can’t see a future with me together. She tells me that she’s only interested in women. There wasn’t much for me to do but respect her true feelings. I couldn’t force her to love me. For a few weeks I lost my best-friend and my future. 

We still lived together, music helped, weed helped. I made friends. I tried to be happy, and for a little I think I really was okay. But it was so stormy, one tip of the scale and I was back to being broken. 

Then I find out that she’s seeing other guys. My heart was gone, the only feeling is that feeling when your heart drops to your stomach. It’s a little harder to swallow, did life get harder? Did she make it easier? I don’t know. I wasn’t good enough for her. She says otherwise. I know she means the best for me with her heart but man, did it hurt the same.

I ask her to give me time, as a roommate, as a past lover, give me time to heal before you see someone. Please, just give me some time to heal. 

But she couldn’t wait. I don’t blame her, she’s discovering herself. She’s beautiful. I never had a chance. There are better men for her. I’m broken, the pieces stomped on. 

I try. I go to work. I exercise. I eat healthy. I tell myself “improve for yourself and no one else”. It’s a lie.

Life seems to drag on, I try to smile, I miss my best friend. I try to act like everything’s alright to her. She can’t be seeing me like this, it hurts her too.

I meet a guy. He’s cute, a little simple, but cute. We start to hang out, workout together even. He takes me to some of the most beautiful places, I try to swallow my doubt and bring my heart back. Somedays, I could swallow just fine around him. 

When I was sure I was ready, I told him. It was too late. I took too long.

I was just dead. I made plans, wrote good bye letters, planned that my little siblings would get what money I had left. I know it’s selfish, I know it can get better. I even tried to find a program that sends emails at a certain time so everyone could get a good nights sleep before they received my letter. 

I couldn’t do it. I stood on the edge of a bridge, the edge of a cliff, wore my favorite clothes. Listened to my favorite songs. Every time I couldn’t do it. You never think of it as someone being brave. But I was scared, I couldn’t imagine how anyone took that step off, pulled the trigger, kicked the chair. They had to be brave.

And now, I’m back. I’m ready to kick the chair, I’m ready to pull the trigger, I’m ready to jump.


