Failure to trust ‘’those on my side’’. [possible trigger Warning]
I find myself incapable of trusting my spouse. I’ve been with my SO for nearly 15 years, 7 married this year, we have 3 children. Before I hit my mid-teens I’d been through nearly a decade of sexual abuse within the already dysfunctional household I grew up one, with an alcoholic father and a narcissistic mother.

I met my now spouse when I was 17. He had been in a two year relationship with a girl a few years his senior, which left him broken after her infidelity. And I… well I lived day to day, carrying what I could. I’ll never forgot how I coldly and factually told him with a mere two sentences what I had to endure, telling him that if he did chose me, he would be settling for a lifetime shared with a woman with severe ups and downs due to her limited mental strength. He convinced me to go for it and I wept in his arms. That was probably the first time in my life someone did not look the other way and I allowed myself to be vulnerable, instead of distant and cold. I opened myself up to him.

Few years later my home situation imploded. I ran. His mother took me under her wing, I think she was the first parental figure I could lean on in my life. His father loathed me as the girl from the slums, threatening me in private to never marry his son. Reminding me of my lowly descent when he could. He would never come to accept me fully but at least fully respects me in public, which to me is commendable enough.

Afterwards I started living with my now SO, still during our teens in a studio. The idea was triggered and pushed for by me as a solution after a bout of infidelity on his side after he moved to study in a city a couple hours away. He partook in intimate relations with a girl he knew from another country over webcam due to ‘’loneliness’’ and held the act in the same regards as watching porn whereas I didn’t. We tried to work things out.

As we did my view of him started to crumble, but was rebuilt after living together surprisingly worked remarkably well. We grew more towards each other and were best friends on top of lovers. In between this life changing chapter and where I am now, he has had a few strikes I simply can not forget. While I was once open to share my ups and downs and sadness with him, now I’d rather not. Because where I once trusted him to hold me, I now trust him to ridicule me and tell me to man the fuck up. And the stubborn ass I am, I do, but this comes with resentment. But to explain the strikes:

- One is where I was crying after having particularly bad and involuntary memories. Annoyed by my state and stressed by upcoming finals he asked me: When is this going to end? You’re always spinning the same old tales, you’re driving yourself insane.

- Another was when he screamed out while we had visitors: How would you like it if I told everyone you were raped? He believed I had done something utterly despicable, blame was pinned upon me by one of his siblings. In that moment something broke, the attack was 100% unwarranted. So much trust lost. When he figured out I had done nothing to him the apologies came swift and numerous.

- One was when I asked him for a letter. He will always buy flowers on special occasions, which I hate. They wither and die. I just hate the sentiment, I dislike it and I have communicated this. I wanted something which lasts. A reminder. All I wanted was a letter. Years I secretly yearned for one but received flowers instead, which I still tended to. Finally… I asked for a letter. He refused and told me point blank to my face he would not. That it was silly I needed something to hold onto, and that this item would become something of an unhealthy obsession.

- The latest strike was after I endured a panic attack while I was on my own, which I managed myself before he returned home. He was upset when I confided in him and he stated: I will not be on your side if you are mentally ill. I will choose our children and make sure they grow up with stability. (Later he corrected himself and stated that if I was to turn schizophrenic or manic, he would have me committed and divorce me, but would support me through depression and anxiety).

Now to me a panic attack is something manageable if you are equipped to deal with it. Through the years I have learned to be aware of my surroundings and triggers and to be prepared to deal with anything since I am responsible for my children. I have no history of hysterical or erratic behavior, so I found his reaction to my first ever panic attack very… crude.

I have my pride even through my depression for what I have survived and what I have accomplished. But I hate that I can not find it in myself again to open up towards my spouse and more than often find myself crying when I am capable to, so I can put up my smile and brave face when I NEED to. I’ve successfully faked it till I made it. And of the 15 years that we have been together the good by far outweighs the bad, something which can not be conveyed well enough in this post. But what has been said can be never taken back. Even though recently he said: Don't you understand after 15 years I am on your side? 

I understand. I hate that I can’t be vulnerable anymore. I hate that the trust is gone, and the resentment grows. If anyone has advice or a similar story of lost trust, I’d just love to hear and talk about it, if only to gain some perspective.

Edit: formatting