the message i wasnt able to send him.
Dear ex, today I found out all the truth. I saw you with her. Why have you been lying to me? Why do you tell me you'd love me forever when you don't. Why did you lie to me that you aren't talking to your ex when I know you have been.. when I saw a message that you sent her that said "When I'm with her I think about you" that hurt me so much..I still forgave you. Why did you lie to me about her "suddenly" coming to see you when you already knew she was coming to see you? Why didn't you tell me you were going to see her when you told me you were out with your friends? Why do I still forgive you even when you keep fucking up? Why do I love you so much that I didn't mind if you don't love me as long as you were by my side? Why did you even tell me you would make it up to me and gain back my trust when you don't prove anything? Why do you keep telling me so much lies? When were you ever sincere to me? Was I a rebound? Are you happier with her now when you used to tell me she never made you happy? Did you get what you wanted now? Is that why you left me? Am I the only one dying here? While you enjoy yourself when we only broke up yesterday? Did I really meant nothing to you? When I thought you could love someone like me because I can't even love myself. I depended on you and you destroyed me. I gave up everything for you. My dreams, my friends, my family, my time, my efforts, blood, sweat and tears for you. Maybe it's just my fault for not being good enough. Maybe I wasn't pretty enough for you? Maybe I was right.. she was irreplaceable after all. I knew it.. no one can love me. I am not mean't to be loved. I am so capable of loving someone so much but that person is always not capable to give the same love. My heart has been torn apart again. When I trusted you so much with my fragile heart. When I prayed to god you weren't like my previous ex. You became like him.. except you were even worse. Why promise me things that you couldn't keep? Why tell me that you love me when you never did.. I just hope that all the memories we had together, at least just one tiny part of it was sincere. Where you actually loved me and was genuinely happy. I'm sorry again that I was good enough to beat her. I hope you and her will stay happy and be together forever. I just really am never mean't to be loved.