Awaiting the downward spiral.
Had an awesome weekend with a whole bunch of friends from online who all came together, from all around Australia, for three days of drinking and festivities. Now I've travelled home and I'm all alone again. 

It's great that I have so many fantastic friends Online, but it's horrible we all live so far away. I'm already missing them terribly, and feeling down. I know that I'm about to spiral downwards even futher after having gotten drunk for three days. It's inevitable, but I'm trying to prepare.

I'm going to try and draw, spend time with my Service Parrot and submerge myself in my gaming community. To keep myself as positively distracted as I can. 

I'm already trapped in an endless loop of thinking about my ex, who I still love and miss so much, and beating myself up. Searching for answers and ways how I could of been a better person for him. He told me he hated me and that I made him feel like a child. But i never intended for my help to make him feel like that. 

I tried to support and encourage him with everything. Emotionally and financially. I pushed myself to work 30+hrs a week when I was anxious and depressed because he became so closed off, so we had a roof over our head and food in our belly when we were made homeless. I tried to help him with being motivated to work, and to be able to support himself.

I gave him every part of myself, because I loved him so much. And I keep holding on to things he said, before he forgot what this love really meant to him. And all the love that I gave to him, that never got into him. No matter how hard I tried.

I wish he knew I don't hate him for what he said to me and that my suicide attempts weren't to make him feel guilty. I genuinely wanted to end my life. 

The thoughts of whatever I had done for him to hate me weighs so heavy upon me, that I fear to live with a guilt that was my own. I failed to be the person he wanted me to be, but worse; I failed to be the person I needed to be for him.

Now we're 2000km apart and, Emotionally, I'm  struggling to keep my head up. Financially, I know He's struggling too. Everyone keeps teling me I shouldn't care about him, but that just makes me hate myself more, that I do. 

I know I'm going to spiral further, it's inevitable, but I'm trying to prepare.

*breathes*



Edits: Grammr/Punctuation 

