I feel like a useless member of my family
I may not help as much as the perfect husband would around the house. But, I’d like to think I do a decent share of what traditionally a husband should be doing. My wife is not the most organized person in the world so me and her butt heads a lot when it come to finding things around the house. Car keys, laundry, tools, you name it, they will get lost around the house. 

I have tried taking my own copies of keys with me in my backpack to work or where ever I go. This way I don’t have to be asking her all the time where to find X item. This was working til she lost her copy of the truck keys and had to call me to bring my copy to her one day. Since then, I only bring the key of the car that I bring with me. Well,.... didn’t take too long til that one got lost too.... I needed to use the truck and was not able to find any key anywhere. I asked her where it was and she responded with “you have hands and eyes, you find it”. I blew my top off. I yelled at her that the fact that I have to hide things for them to not get lost in the house is ridiculous! 

She brought up the fact that I could do more around the house like organize the laundry or help her keep the home tidy. I told her I would if she wasn’t so damn unorganized. Every time i do end up helping her organize and clean she ends up messing everything up the next day anyway! 

She is type A personality and I would like to think I am type A-. I yield to her way of living most of the time til it gets to be too much. Maybe the reason I don’t do more around the house is because it will yield the same results anyway, an unorganized mess.... I at least do the basics. I pickup after dinner. I take out the trash, (this job now goes to my son). Handyman work, I fix plumbing, appliances, broken doors, tv’s, computers, iPhones.

I would like to think that I play my role as a dad as perfect as I can. I help with homework, I play with my kids all the time. I feed them when mom works early or wants to sleep in/go to bed early.

She’s mad at me and I feel like I am trying my best but my best is not good enough. Also, says I have become obese because of my laziness...... that one really hurt..... I try to walk/jog a good 30-40 minutes 2-3 times a week if I have time. 

I broke down in my car today after seeing some old photos of my kids when they were babies.....

Sorry for formatting, I am on mobile and writing is not my thing. I am more of a numbers guy.........