I checked myself in to a Mental Hospital
I decided after dealing with months of annoying suicidal ideation that I should go to a mental hospital. I say annoying because I was aware of these increased thoughts and wanted nothing to do with killing myself. While I wanted a closed environment away from home stressors to solve my issues I was also afraid of going somewhere unknown. I went through with it (despite crying and feeling emotional on the way there) to get my life turned around. 

I feel very often that horror stories are told of hospitals. In reality, if  you need the help, please seek it out. You may have a completely different experience than someone who claims they don't remember their stay and was drugged up to their eyeballs. 

My experience was a pleasant one overall. I went there and focused on fixing my issues and I'd say I came out feeling better. I'm not sure if I can or should give the name of the place but I'm sure someone can let me know down below. I just want to share my experience and help people not feel so afraid of going to one.

The place was pretty clean. An adult area for people 18 and over, rooms and halls split by gender. Bathrooms only seemed a bit off towards the end of the day or during the morning when people would shower. Roommates were sweet and tidy thankfully but the option to change roommates if there was a problem was always available to me. Groups were informative and engaging as well as encouraging for others to speak up if they wished. You had a good amount of personal time to do whatever. Outdoor activities were available permitting the weather. The place was meant for short stays of up to a week so anyone who's still there for longer may see the groups as too repetitive. The food was surprisingly delicious and great. Honestly expected school lunch type of food but there was variety and options for those allergic, vegetarian or needing gluten free food. There were staff members around whenever you needed them for anything. 

The treatment team could've been better. They were good to me but not to everyone there. Changed meds without informing me. I went from 5 to 10 to 15mg of Abilify. Good Lord I felt it once I was home. Then REALLY felt it when they made a mistake and I went cold turkey for two weeks because I couldn't get my prescription filled. I'll update once I'm properly back on it.

So that's my experience. After a week, I came out feeling better. I got off of Wellbutrin after determining it could be the cause of my increased depression. The Abilify gives me energy to get up and not be stuck in bed all day. I feel better than when I went in. 

I know this is a long post, however I've been afraid of sharing my experience with others. I don't want to feel afraid of ashamed of having went, so here I am with this post. 

If this is also posted in the wrong place, please let me know and I'll gladly move it to the right subreddit.