hey there depression, it’s me, ya boi (a letter for u by urs truly)
dear depression,

look, my dude... i haven’t showered in a week, and although i bleached my hair so you can’t see how dirty it is when that happens, i can still feel it and would really like to use that coconut shampoo i bought that makes me smell like, well, coconuts. i’m not sure what i smell like right now, but it’s probably not fruit. maybe that lavender febreze i spray all the time, if i’m lucky.

i haven’t done laundry in a month or so. i wore the same two dirty pairs of pants to work all week - the long ones, because even though it’s been around 95F all week, i haven’t worked up the energy to shave my legs in forever. like sure it’s 2018 and girls can be as hairy as they want these days woo go feminism or w/e but jeannie from accounting noticed when i had two vaguely different socks bc i was too lazy to find a matching pair and i don’t need to give her any more reasons to open her big mouth tbh.

i only got out of bed today to pee and eat a sandwich (which i thoroughly enjoyed - the sandwich, not the pee... but maybe the pee a little bit too... not in a weird way tho - so it’s nice to know i can still enjoy things, even if i’ve developed an unhealthy coping method with food and am going to get fatter and hate my body even more. but hey, at least it’s not drugs). which also reminds me that i need to do dishes... or i could just keep buying disposable dishes, so that i can let that pile up in the trash i desperately need to take out instead.

i have shit i’ve got to do that i was supposed to do last weekend, but also spent that weekend in bed (you’re terrible in bed btw), and considering that i’m writing this at 6am instead of sleeping like i was supposed to start doing several hours ago - after i was supposed to take the meds that i didn’t get up to take - the forecast for today is pretty bleak as well.

of course, you know all this, because you like to stop by every couple weeks and make sure of it. i think you’re more regular than my time of the month (which would probably be more regular if i could just stick to taking my birth control every day, but we already established that i suck at taking pills that i’m supposed to).

i wish i could just get up and do what i need to do like a real adult - so many people do it, and on my best days i can even pretend to be a real adult as well. but with you here, lurking around my apartment without even helping with the vaguely overpriced rent, i can’t seem to get anything done. so if you could just, like, leave for a couple of days before i run out of clean underwear too, i would greatly appreciate it.

sincerely,

a concerned citizen
