Unrequited Love Crept Back Up to Haunt Me
First off, I felt the need to create this fake reddit account so that my posts could not be linked to my actual reddit account, and I could vent to reddit without worrying that any of my family or friends will read this.

Unrequited love is the worst. It consumes your mind almost every second of every day. 

I'm usually a positive person (at least I try to be). Grew up with this girl in the church. We were the best of friends. In high school, we went to homecoming and senior ball together. I asked her out 3 times, once in middle school, once in freshman year, and once in senior year, all three times given the response "I'm sorry, I don't like you in that way."

It messed me up. Even affected my first two relationships. I got with my first girlfriend solely because she liked me. Part of me hoped my best friend would get jealous. I genuinely liked my second girlfriend and she liked me. This girl gave me the butterflies, but because neither of us made a real effort to be boyfriend and girlfriend, we didn't last. Before, after, and sometimes during each of these relationships, I would wish it was my best friend (I know, a dick move). 

Then I messed up. I was influenced by a terrible person to say some things I shouldn't have. We went to the same community college like we planned but three years passed without ever seeing each other because we were fighting.

The time that we spent apart allowed me to clear my head. Before, I used to think about her all the time. Now, days, even weeks would pass without her crossing my mind. I met plenty of people in college and made tons of good friends, focused on my hobbies, it was the happiest I've been. 

Eventually, we got tired of fighting and I realized what it was that I fucked up: an extremely good friendship. After I made an effort to show how sorry I was, she made an effort to let me back into her life. Then I thought, "Don't fuck this up. She doesn't need you to like her. She needs you to be a good friend." I said some harsh things, and because of it, we weren't friends for 2 to 3 years. So naturally, we tried making up for the time we had lost. 

She invited me to hang with her friends. I invited her to hang with mine. We would do things together, play music together, video games together, and just genuinely hang out. We talked things over and settled our fight by blaming that terrible person that we both dislike from before.

We eventually went to the same university together and some of her closest friends became great friends of mine. We took a class together. Would exercise together. And we've gotten to the level of "No judgment" as she calls it, where I've told her some of my deepest, darkest secrets, and she did the same with me. 

Problem is, as we spend each week almost always hanging out 3 or 4 days out of the week. I find it harder to come to terms with us never being together. She's never dated, but she tells me about guys she's liked, little things that happened to her like small romantic contact like "holding hands". She has A LOT of guy friends that she's close with, and a few girl friends that she's really close with. And though it only bothered a little back then, it's something I'm jealous of now. Each time I see her, I first think to myself "be normal, be funny, don't show any signs that you may still have feelings" and it works.

I'm happy with the way things are, us spending lots of time together, hanging out at each other's houses for hours, trying different foods, and just having someone like her I can talk to. 

But thinking about the guy she who will eventually be her first boyfriend, or her husband whom she may have kids with, that future where another guy becomes the guy she sings with, dances with, goes to church with, does romantic stuff with just pains me to think about. 

Well, it's late (like 3 in the morning) and this is the time when I'm usually in my feelings. If you've invested time to reading my story this far, I thank you and would like to know what you think about my situation. I'm a bit dramatic, and I overthink like a muthafucka, but I'm an honest fellow, and this is first time venting to reddit. And it's a bit ironic, cuz I should get some sleep since she's coming over tomorrow. 

P.S. I thought about solutions like slowly drifting apart from her, but I've come to the realization that I would rather have her in my life as a friend than not at all. But it still hurts. 