I've always resented my mom for being emotionally abusive growing up and blamed her for my depression. But I just told her I'm depressed and she responded in the most perfect way. I feel really weird.
I'm an adult now (24) and have had crippling depression since childhood. Growing up, I never had emotional support or love. I was called names and my mom took out her relationship/life issues on me. I was distant from both my parents. I've hugged my mom only once in my life. This is just one issue out of many that led to me developing a fragile self esteem and crippling depression.
Over the years, with distance, we started to talk- like once a month or so. The more educated I became, the more I came to understand why she acted the way she did (although I still harbor much resentment)
I'm going through a depressive episode just now. I feel so alone and I texted her out of desperation. I told her I felt alone and depressed and couldn't get out of bed to study. Instead of judging me or saying something mean....she just listened to everything and all of my symptoms. She said that she felt so sorry for me and she wished she could help me. And she told me to never feel alone because she loves me and I'm very important to her. She asked if she could do anything to help me...and I realized, yeah, if we could call each other every morning, I could have someone to talk to and tell her about my daily goals. Then I could feel more motivated to get out of bed and feel less alone that day.
I just feel weird, because I don't have a relationship with her. I'm scared it's going to be awkward, but I'm desperate for any support I can get right now. I also still resent her, but at the same time understand. I don't know. It's just weird. 
But, I'm happy she acted this way, for sure.
    Edit: I also don't mean to brag or anything like that. I just wanted to share this with someone, and was wondering if someone had a similar experience maybe in forming a bond with their parents longer into adulthood.