I die a little inside with every customer (TW)
Let me start by saying I've been getting help for chronic depression and anxiety since January. I take sertraline (50mg) every day, and it's helped me tremendously. 
I was hired as a cashier at a fast food job in November of last year, and it was a huge step forward. No education, no GED, no transportation, no job experience (except for working for a family company since I was a literal child); needless to say, I felt like I overcame a hump that had been looming in front of me for quite some time. 
I've had extreme social anxiety since my early teens, so diving headfirst into a cashier job seemed a bit counter-intuitive. Now, I don't know if it was the medication or simply having no choice but to face my fears every day, but the anxiety has completely faded. 
Gone. Zilch. 
Good, right? Well, in its place, a little seedling sprouted, and as time goes by it swells inside my heart and head, pushes against my skull, crushes my organs, my spark, my will to move forward. 
I
hate
people
so fucking much. 
I am so damn tired of hearing you complain that the price of a sandwich has increased by fifty fucking cents. I am so damn tired of cleaning up after your little brats after they throw their food on the floor. 
I am so fucking fed up with you cancelling an entire fucking order, after it was already prepared, because the soda machine was out of cherry Fanta. What the fuck is wrong with you?
I go home and utterly dread the next day of picking up the slack of my coworkers and dealing with a shitload of entitled, spoiled assholes. 
Every now and then, there is an angel. Someone who isn't a total asshole to me...it could be something so small to you, but it can make my entire day that much easier. Perhaps you already know what you want to order, and don't hold up a line of ten people because you're picky as fuck. Perhaps you tip me 96 cents. Usually, it's treating me like I'm a feeling, thinking human instead of the shit on your heel. 
I bend over backwards for these people and do my best to let them know that they're truly appreciated. 
I've come so far, and yet I'm so close to giving up. It's wearisome forcing a smile every day and powering through as if I have a promising future, when I don't. I pretend that I don't slice my thighs with razors, that I'm not covered in self harm scars, that all is well. I pretend I don't fantasize every day about diving headfirst in front of a semi truck. I pretend the love of my life and best friend isn't homeless and isn't living in a tent with a heroin addict. I pretend, I pretend, I pretend.
I am so tired.

