I'm not worth it
I just don't feel like I'm worth anyone's time or effort, and I just feel like a burden to everyone.
 I have a part time job (anywhere between 20-39 hours a week) and I'm at college (in the UK &amp; I'm 18)and I'm constantly tired. 
My mum is such a lovely person, but I really do feel like she'd be better off without me, she's always complaining how she never has time to do anything (she works 30 hours a week + she always cooks + cleans up after my stepdad and brother but complains about any mess I've made)  and I'm lazy, messy and I quite often ruin her day. But I'm sure I've ruined her whole life. 
She had me when she was 19, which meant she had to quit her job because she couldn't afford childcare and she had an abusive step-dad, who would refuse to let her mum look after me, and she also fell out with her very religious grandparents as she wasn't married (they have since made up). She then couldn't get a job until I started school (which is actually a decent job). At this new job, she met my step-dad (after a few years) and they've since had a child together (who also doesn't seem to like me one bit). My step dad seems to hate me more than my mum does, but I can't complain because neither of them are abusive, and this is one of my problems; I feel like I shouldn't moan about anything in my life; I live in a decent sized 3 bedroom house, I have an education and I also have a job. Whilst my mum lived with her abusive step-dad, was forced to quit college (so she could get a job to start paying rent) and was also forced to baby sit whilst her parents went out drinking every other night. Yet here I am, never feeling happy, without many friends (I talk to the people at work when I'm there and I have 2 other friends that I speak to around twice a month, normally because there other friends are busy and they want to complain about their boyfriends, or because the other friend doesn't want to go  shopping on her own ( another reason why I don't have a reason to be negative; she was in care and now classified as homeless as she's now 18 and not catered for in the care system, so now she has to live in temporary accommodation with lots of drug users in the same building.)

I feel like I just ruin everything, if I'm downstairs with my family, there always seems to be an argument, even if I'm not involved in the argument. But if everyone else is in the living room, whilst I'm upstairs in my own, I can only ever here them laughing and enjoying themselves. It's like, even when I haven't done anything, I seem to just produce a negative atmosphere.

I really don't want to be here anymore, if I disappeared, it wouldn't really effect any one, my mum might be upset at first but she'd quickly realise how much better her life is without me.
The problem is that I'm even too lazy and stupid to kill myself, so I'm just secretly hoping that a medical issue that has been ongoing for a while (and I haven't been to the doctor's in years because I would just be wasting their time, when they could be helping someone better than me) is serious, and nature will take its cause...