Long text, I just want an audience.
Why haven’t I killed myself yet?

It’s not the title, but a question that lingers on the back of my head every second. It’s a common trend that people live for other people but what do you do when you have no one to live for? I never had anyone to live for. It’s not a huge problem really, its another lingering question or jealousy I have whenever I meet a person. Every single one of them have someone who cares for them, even a stranger would care for them. It makes me feel jealous that no one would care for me or even bother to be nice to me unless I open my mouth and say I have cancer or they knew about any of my situation. People don’t care, they pity me. They realize, then, that I’m a hopeless situation and they can’t help me at all because they really can’t. No one can.
Therapies don’t help. My therapist knows all of my situations are out of my control and he wants me to move forward with my life. It’s not really a bad idea, it’s the smart thing to do especially being someone in my situation. I just don’t know why I can’t. Every single being on the planet wants me to graduate already but my body doesn’t agree with me. It’s always either I’m too sad/ stressed/ depressed/ ashamed/ anxious/ lazy to go to school. Nothing helps. Not even the 30mg of Lexapro helps. My school counsellor is doing the nice “I get it, I understand” approach with me and it makes me feel better but it really does make me feel guilty.

I just don’t understand why are people act so shitty with me? Is it my face? Is it because no one cares and all I have is literally myself? Is it because I’m dying soon? What is it really? I just want to fucking die but I cant just let myself slash my throat or swallow a lot of pills because I’m a coward. I want the easy way out. Why isn’t cancer an instant death? Why aren’t suicide booths similar to futurama a thing? 

I give up. I just want to die. 

P.S. Fuck people who say they’re afraid of rejection because hunty what world do u fucking live in that not one single person has said no to you? 


P.P.S. Fuck you E, I’m sorry I disappointed you that I didn’t die yet even my diagnosis’ average life span is 6 months. Don’t worry, it’s coming. And I surely fucking hope karma is real. It’s fucking people like you who deserve such things and what do you fucking get? A nice family, a handsome face, people who likes to be around you. You’re one of the people who deserve my revenge and yet I’m being like a pussy who is letting a fake thing called “karma” take care of everything. In this fucking lifetime, not a single one got any karma. (or maybe my parents did by god giving me cancer but idk they just labelled me as a liability and now has dropped me like a hot potato so that’s really more on me than on them)


PLEAAAAAAAAAAAASE I just want to die. Please just kill me. 
