I wish I could have done things differently
I graduated high school in June of 2015. Currently I am attending community college and have been doing fairly well so far although I don't know how long I can keep it up. Back in high school I didn't try as hard as I could have resulting in lower grades thus barring my chances of getting into a four year university. Freshmen year of high school I saw my lowest gpa ever I had gotten a 1.8 gpa in the 2nd semester of that year. Hell I was dumb enough in my freshman year to think that I could get away with cheating in my ceramics class but I ended up getting caught. If the university applications saw that I got a D in an art class they would have thought I was a full on retard for trying to apply to a university. It was because of my second semester of freshmen year that I thought my chances of a four year were impossible. I also never bothered to do the ACT/SAT because I thought that with my low gpa it wouldn't have mattered anyway. The following years in hs I've managed to improve a bit but not all that much. 




After high school ended I spent a year and a half not really knowing what I was doing taking a class at my community college here and there but not really committing, while also changing my major at least twice. If I play my cards right I'll be able to graduate by he end of May in 2019 and hopefully transfer to a university. But recently I can't help but think of how my life would have been if I had just went straight to a university after high school. I don't have any friends right now and I feel that if I had gone to university out of high school I would have had friends at this point. 




Right after high school I didn't really have any second thoughts and what I was doing. I was fine with going to community college and transferring later on but right now I can't help but feel that I've made a huge mistake. If only I had done better in freshmen year I probably would have gotten accepted into university and had a completely different life. I'm only 21 and I already feel like a huge goddamn retard for how I acted in my high school life. If i had taken things more seriously my life right now would have been a lot better. 




I feel like I have massively screwed myself. Most of the time now I think about what I could have done differently in high school and what my life would be like now. I honestly hate everything about myself and wish that I could just go back and make things right in high school. 