exhausted
this is my first time posting on this subreddit but I need something to regurgitate everything that I’m feeling as it may be the only thing that stops me from trying to hurt myself. I’ve only slept for about 2 hours and I have to be up for work in 30 minutes which is making me feel worse. As my depression has gotten worse, I find myself sinking further into a place where I have no desire to help or look after myself. I still live at home with my parents and since my mom is aware of my attempts to hurt myself, she has taken on a lot of the responsibilities that I once had for myself. Like cooking for me, cleaning for me, taking me to work sometimes, sleeping in my bed with me. I feel so fucking bad about that, I feel bad for her and I feel bad that she’s really the only person. I have my boyfriend who has been as supportive as he can be, especially because he’s dealing with his own obstacles and  I feel like I’m incapable of being there for him. I keep having thoughts of breaking up with him and becoming so sensitive towards everything he says and it makes me beyond words angry at myself that I have failed him and our relationship. I can’t make me happy, I can’t make him happy and I won’t make anyone happy ever. I am attention and reassurance seeking, I get so angry at the successes of others because I’m not good enough. My identity is shattered and especially because now all I can think about is how sad I am. If I’m on this downward spiral now, will I ever get out of it?? If I have to live with this any longer, I really don’t want to live anymore. Everyday I entertain the idea of being in a car accident because I want people to take care of me and love me but I also hate that I want that and wish so badly to be okay with not needing validation and approval from others. I attempted to overdose recently and all I thought about was someone finding me dead on the floor and hoping they would feel bad. I couldn’t even think of how this would affect my poor mother who has been through so much with my ungrateful attenuation seeking ass. Im so grossed out with myself. I’m eating at myself and letting myself go, I keep picking and scratching and slapping myself because I don’t think I deserve to get better. I deserve to hurt because I’m a sad sack of shit who has NOTHING to be sad about. I have everything I could ever need in life and I’m still complaining like an ingrate. I fucking hate myself so much, there is someone out there who deserves my own life more than I do. I’m going to start antidepressants I was prescribed re cently and am in therapy (I don’t go as often as I probably should) and while that is good, I’m almost scared of getting better just to get worse again. I’m scared of going on antidepressants because I’d rather feel so much than feel nothing at all which is my predicament. If this doesn’t work, if I keep waking up depressed and if I continue to get worse, I really want to just die. I have no friends, they all live far away and I think they only care because I think they can tell I’m depressed based on some statuses I’ve posted. My boyfriend continues to be loving towards me, but I always feel like he only does now because he doesn’t want to hurt me. He says he wants me to get better and be more confident, and I can’t help but feel that maybe he deserves someone who is more confident. He reminisces on the past and is always talking about wanting to travel and I can’t help but feel so bad thinking that I won’t be involved in those plans because I’m not a fun person to be around. People have reassured me that I am more than enough but I’m not, I’m not I don’t believe them. They’re just saying that

I hate myself so much