According to the mental health nurse i'm not depressed
So since october 2016 i've been (or at least thought I had) been depressed. I dropped out of school, started self harming and was put in hospital twice among other things. I spent nearly the whole of 2017 at home doing nothing because I simply couldn't. I got a full time job in september but I hated it and it made me worse and I had to quit after I started self harming again and have been cutting up until now (i'm 18 by the way if that's important).

Things have been getting worse again recently. I'm cutting almost every night and feel down and just cant do anything. I don't even have the energy to shower most days and just stay in bed until the late afternoon. However I was hopeful for today as I was going to see a new nurse who I was hoping would be able to set up a plan to help me. I was with the child services before and had an amazing nurse who helped me greatly but as i'm 18 i'm classed as an adult so have to go to the adult services. 

So as soon as I met the new nurse and we went into the room to talk she told me she knows almost nothing about me despite there being many notes from the past year. I told her about leaving my job and feeling low and the self harm and everything and what she basically told me is ''you aren't depressed''. She said that my self harm was normal as it was just scratches and I wasn't cutting deep enough to leave any scars which just completely confused me considered i'd been put in hospital partly for doing the same thing before. I've also suffered with terrible social anxiety all my life and find it very hard to communicate with others. I told her the only friends i've ever had was the friends I've made years ago when I first started going to school and what she said was it sounds like I have great social skills as i've been able to make friends. It honestly felt like she wasn't listening to a single word I was saying. As I said she had no notes from before and was basically just assuming what was wrong with me and that was it. Also I should add i'm in the UK so this is with the NHS so i'm not paying for this however my parents have said they would be willing to pay for some sessions with a therapist if that's was I need.

I'm sorry if this is long or it just sounds like i'm complaining. I just wanted other peoples opinions on this as I just don't know what to think. 