I've lost 4 Marines to depression and almsost lost a 5th. None saw combat. I need help understanding.
Hi. 

I just had my 4th funeral in 7 years for yet another Marine. A few days ago another one called me with a gun to his head and i talked him down.

These 5 Marines, as far as i can tell suffer/suffered from depression. Pretty much every one of them was intelligent (like way too smart for the Marine Corps) and each of them stood out as "the funny one". To say very few people understood they were struggling would be an understatement. 

The Marine Corps has done a lot to try and help suicidal Marines, but all our training videos depict some "clearly distressed" person telegraphing an intent to harm themselves. In reality none of these people let on the depth of their suffering and only one made an attempt to seek help.

What I'm asking:

As someone who has never suffered depression (Ive been "depressed" but that was from external factors like a job not working out or a girl leaving me. I consider that normal human emotion), how do I identify Marines under my care thst may be suffering and need help.

They are NOT giving the outward signs in the stupid "Lance Corporal Decker video" we watch once a year.

Thanks.

Edit: been at work all day then went to visit a former Marine that dealt with some serious issues in his day but is doing well now. Mulled over a lot of this with him, then checked back in here and saw all these wonderful responses.

I have read every one, some several times. I have a lot to consider and learn, but thank you for helping me find some direction.

One thing i didn't mention is my role in all this. Im not sone big wig commander with tools at my disposal.  Im a newly promoted Sergeant and a squad leader with just a handful of guys under me. The one we just burried was not in my platoon, but i knew him enough to be deeply saddened by his loss. The other three were guys i was close to back in training, but i was not currently stationed with them when it happened. In fact i found out about all three of them on Facebook. 

This recent one, and the one that called me with suicidal thoughts, have made me want to be much more aware of the mental health of those around me. The scary thing to me is, even with hindsight, i wouldn't have picked these five guys out of the lot as having ANY kind of issues, let alone suicidal tendencies. 

I have also noticed, maybe because of my nature or leadership style, that im the one people tend come to with problems. I make it known that im here for that purpose, and people take me up on it. So I guess now i want to make sure i can spot when someone needs more help than they may be openly asking for. I will be more vigilant in my assessments of the needs of those under my watch.

Thank you all for the detailed and informed replies.

