Beautifully Broken
I’ve spent most of my life afraid to be my true self because I believed that if I didn’t live up to the standards and norms that I grew up with, I wouldn’t be accepted. I was told since a young age how I should act, talk, and dress. I was told that money was important and that attending societal events and bullshit balls was your key to social success. And those things, trying to “feel” important, had meant everything to me.

But then life screws you over and suddenly your perspective on everything changes. I learned that I no longer wanted to be the person that everyone said I had to be and things that had once seemed important became trivial. I realized that I didn’t give a fuck if I had Tory Burch shoes or a Chanel bag. No amount of money could ever bring me happiness, which was clearly evident in the money that was spent on “I’m sorry” shopping trips and my therapist.

Things started falling apart at home when I was 15 years old. So my remedy to broken family was to drink until I couldn’t feel. But despite my new fond love of alcohol and its pain killing effects, I kept my life together. I worked hard in school, I stayed active in my community, and I made sure people thought I was keeping it together. I couldn’t let everyone know that I was a fucking mess. But in this process, I slowly lost myself and started living two different lives. When the curtains were wide open, people saw a girl that was very studious, had many accomplishment’s, and always had a smile on her face. But as soon as the curtains closed and I was alone, my demons came out. And the more I hid, the more I lost myself.

At one point, the alcohol wasn’t enough. Things had only gotten worse at home and I needed a new escape. The first time I did it, it was a pair of scissors. It was small, barely noticeable. I had sworn after the first time that I would never hurt myself again. But eventually I did, and when I left for college it had only gotten worse.

By my second year of college, I had reached my lowest point. I was in a toxic, emotionally abusive, relationship. I had a broken relationship with my parents, who spent most of their time stuck in a cycle of fighting, not speaking, and then pretending that they were okay. I hadn’t spoken to my older brother, a struggling addict at the time, in almost a year. I no longer knew who I was. So one night I went out and bought a bottle of wine with my fake ID and went back to my apartment and chugged the entire thing. I sat on my bathroom floor crying, staring at the knife in my hand. And in the back of my mind I thought about the gun that was a few feet away from me hidden in a book that my dad had given me for protection. For the first time in my life, I had looked at mortality straight in the face. I had questioned it many times, but it was never like that night. 
Eventually the crying stopped and the numbness came, a feeling I had become all too familiar with.

Would I do it?

Could I do it?

Would anyone care?

I was consumed with darkness, but there was a small flicker of light, of hope. I wanted to help people, I wanted to one day to change the world, or at the very least change one person’s life. I wasn’t ready to leave just yet, so I held on to the tiny amount of hope that was left in me. I called the cops and was admitted into a psychiatric center. I spent 48 hours in a white walled, emotionless, prison like place. And not once did someone ask me if I was okay.

My parents came up to see me and had a difficult time accepting what had happened and I didn’t understand why. They knew I wanted help, they saw the scars on my arms, and they knew that I wasn’t okay.

They blamed my relationship with my then boyfriend and told me to never speak of this to anyone. They didn’t want people to know I was “crazy”. Was I? During that time, I came to believe I was, but now I understand that I was just broken.

It’s been over three years since that happened and although I still struggled with a lot after that, I’m now in a better place.

The reason I am writing this is because I promised myself to one day help the 15-year-old me whose cries for help where tossed to the side, who was told she was over-dramatic and crazy, and who thought that cutting was the only way to cope. There was a reason I grew up surrounded by mental illness. I watched not only myself go through it, but I saw my brother, my parents, my friends, and so many people on the news struggling with their own demons. And this didn’t happen because life felt like fucking me over, it was just trying to show me what my reason for living is.

I spent years ashamed of the person I was because I was scared to show people my true, raw, fucked up self. But isn’t that the problem? When it comes to having a mental illness, we believe the stigmas that come attached to it and we’re afraid to speak up and talk about it. And the people who are lucky enough to not experience it, don’t want to talk about it either. The only difference from how mental illness was treated a hundred years ago and now, is that we no longer hide and chain our family members in basements or attics, but the shame and embarrassment is still there.

And I want to change that. I want to remove the stigmas and stereotypes attached to mental illness and get people talking. But change starts with me, and that means that I can’t be afraid to share my experiences.

This is who I am and I wouldn’t change my life for anything in the world because now I truly understand what it’s like to live with a mental illness. I finally know what the difference between sympathy and empathy is, and that is one of the greatest gifts that could have come out from this.

I will be exploring different topics on mental illness while trying to find ways to change the way people think and talk about it. I will not only be looking at the psychological background of mental illness, but the neurological background as well. More and more scientists are publishing articles on different alternative treatments that don’t involve medications. One of my favorite topics, which I will soon explore in more detail, is neuroplasticity, or the brains way of re-wiring itself to create new circuits, and essentially a new you.
I’ve set a goal to one day create a facility for those who are afflicted with a mental illness. But instead of white walls, cold stares from employees, and isolation, they will be surrounded by beautiful colors, the outdoors, and people who actually care.

Our current mental health system is completely and utterly fucked up. We can’t keep over-medicating people and throwing them out into the world with absolutely no regard for their actual well-being. If these “treatments” were actually working, we wouldn’t be seeing an alarmingly increasing rate of mental illness.

It’s time to re-define mental illness and stick a middle finger up to all the people who tell you that you’re crazy or different.

And maybe I am crazy, I’m sure as hell different, but that doesn’t make me any less of a person. I’m proud of who I have become and now I know what the purpose of my life is, and I’m not going to stop chasing it.

-RBZ

“Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken” -r.m. drake

 