Told my mother I tried to kill myself, she admitted she also tried when i was a baby.
I've been struggling with this  sickness for a while, it cost me my job, and a few friends, but only now i can publicly say that i tried to kill myself on the 19th of February. I tried to hang myself with a belt, fortunatelly i bought a really shitty one at primark and the only thing it did was leave me on the floor gasping desperatelly for air, filled with a sense of failure and a huge shame. I've always been an outgoing, funny, talkative and very active guy and i just felt as is i runned out of batery like something was leaving me without lifeforce.

After some therapy i decided to tell my mother about this. I went for a visit to my parents house and waited until we were alone to tell her basically what i've been writing above. Also told her that the biggest fear i had before doing it was that if i died my mother would also died just out of pure sadness. After we both cried for a while she dropped the bomb.

She had been struggling with depression all her life without me or my sister knowing about it and it came a point where she even tried of doing the same. The thing that stopped her was their children and what we would do with 12 and 8 years alone. She also told me that my grandfather didn't die of cancer, apparently he was an alcoholic, and when we where kids he threw himself at the well they had on the backyard.

All this just made me realize that people don't kill themselves, depression kills people the same way cancer does. People who haven't struggled with this can't even imagine what is living with depression and often blame a person who is basically ill.

 My mother also gave me the best advice i've ever recieved. She told me that I wasn't on this earth just to find a job and live the best way i could just by buying things, that it didn't matter if i didn't find a huge reason to live; just by being there i was already the reason for my mother and many others to live and be happy,  the same way she was for me. That even just by smiling at the guy at the supermarket i was already making him a bit happier even though it would only be a few seconds, and that should be enough.

Thanks for listening guys