I need to get this out. Feel free to ignore it.(Potential Triggers: Domestic and parental abuse, self harm, bullying, substance abuse etc. Avoiding detail AMAP)
I am so sick of trying to just survive each day. I want more than anything to go out and live my life. I want a job, an apartment, a pet... but instead I’m stuck living with my grandparents because I’m at the point where my agoraphobia is so bad I can BARELY leave my bed. I don’t think I have felt “happy” for more than 10 minutes at any given time in the last 6 months. I applied to try to get a tattoo to cover some scars I have from when I got really bad, but they never contacted me again...so that reminder is always there making me feel sick and myself and taunting me to do it again just to numb the crap in my head. I’m trying to be a partner to this amazing guy I care a ton about, but I feel so emotionally shut down that I don’t even react to jokes or love anymore. I don’t even like when he cuddles me because his breath on my neck is a trigger...
Now, I do not have it as bad as a lot of other people. I grew up in a family with a loving (OCD) grandmother, a grandfather, and a (drug addict) mother who all always made sure I had food and a place to sleep. That alone is more than a lot of people get...but every time I try to talk to someone and they don’t respond to me I flip out at them because my mom didn’t want me to interrupt her high. When something goes SLIGHTLY wrong or is a SMIDGE out of place I panic because that’s all I had around me. When someone on the street spits I flinch because my ex’s favourite way to degrade me was to spit in my face while mocking me. When I go downtown I get anxious because that’s where I was publicly beating by a (different yet no les “charming”) ex. I avoid drinking now because I don’t want to fall into drinking to feel happy again and I definitely don’t want to add to my scars...but this is all I have known my whole life. Every time I try to take a step forward, improve myself, or even leave the house to do something I once enjoyed, it feels like the weight of every circumstance and bad decision in my life is right there to push me further into the dirt. The only ways I know how to make money aren’t things I want to do...the only people in my life I want to be around I can’t stand to be near...I feel like I have nothing left to hold onto and I’m drowning! I’d check into the hospital just to get away, but unless I were to actually make an attempt on my life they wouldn’t accept me (but at least we have free healthcare right?)... I just need a day of normal.....