Desperate for advice or input; I lost and am losing everything held dear to me right now due to multiple reasons, and would just like to hear some different recommendations
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO I DONT KNOW WHERE I WENT WRONG OR HOW TO FEEL BETTER!!

I've typed this out way too many times so I'm gonna do my best to sum it up as short as I can:

Last week me and my gf of 10 and a half months broke up, i was devestated. In that little time I have experienced more love, more of life than ever before and it felt like we'd been together forever. I thought, maybe we would work things out on our own and get back together when the time was right, even though i knew it was a stretch, but i was also okay with just being friends if that was what the world had planned. 2 days after the break up im talking to both of my best friends who are also (kinda?) friends with her, and they both tell me that she basically told them she had absolutely no intention of ever getting back with me because she wanted to ho around without the commitment of a relationship. She also openly bragged to one of them that she had cheated on me multiple times during our relationship. This all made me very angry and on top of that hurt. The same night just after finding all of this out I find out from my other friend that she had called her and bragged about hooking up with this one kid who, during our entire relationship, she told me she hated and that we BOTH already had bad history with, and fooled around. Then later (AGAIN) she goes on instagram live with my bestfriend who is kinda being fake just to see how she really is and openly brags about blocking me (which added to the hurt cause i had done nothing but try to respect her wishes since the split in hopes that we could at least part on good terms ya know) , saying that i was 'fucking crazy' and that she never wanted anything to do with me ever again. There's more in terms of details but thats the basic general idea of the past week for me.

I dont know how i feel or what to say.
I feel hurt and i feel abandoned and i feel stupid and i feel not good enough and i feel like a complete fuck up i feel so fucking awful its not even funny. Im losing my friends because my stupid brain cant get over this and im constantly going to them to talk about it because that's the way i like to deal with stuff, but they've heard the same thing one too many times and i get that i just dont know what else to do. Im tired of thinking about it, im tired of not being able to confront her but my friends say its not a good idea because its not gonna do anything but make her think even higher of herself for having fucked me up so badly and wont at all make her change her ways. I want to completely forget but at the same time a part of me wants to work everything out just so i can mean something to this person who meant absolutely everything to me at one point again, WHY?? 
Why does my brain, or heart, or whatever still crave attention from her, or maybe even her herself, even after knowing all of this? Why am i so fucking pathetic? What can I do to move on that doesn't involve just ignoring the problem and moving forward but rather coming to peace with it and myself and blossoming?

Please, all and every opinion or suggestion is welcome. Thank you if you took the time to read this and I wish everybody the best of luck with your own problems no matter what they be. May peace of mind and soul find you all. 

