I just drove 1000 miles cause my Gma tried to OD and is in ICU.
IDK if this belongs here. Maybe it will get removed, but I feel like I need to vent somewhere. My grandma has struggled with manic depression a lot through her life. I've always seen her as this strong independent woman. She has always been my favorite family member because just how kind and loving she is toward everyone and everything.  No matter how bad life has ever gotten for me or anyone else she has always had positive words. Well I never knew it but she's a bottler and my dad told me in the 90s she snapped and try to OD roughly 20 years ago. Combination with anxiety and stress and lots of other factors. Keep in mind everyone loves this woman she has 3 granddaughters and 1 grandson and loving kids. This woman is a saint in my family. He we are 20 years later again. My family and I live in Texas, meanwhile they live in Georgia and my dads sister/ gmas daughter and her family live in Virgina. My aunt plans to move back to TX. So my grandparents were planning to move to TX since everyone on the East Coast is leaving. When it came down to sign on a Realtor she snapped I guess again.... These are people in there 70s trying to uproot their life again and move across country. She tried to OD on some pills and my dad, sister, and I hopped in the car yesterday and drove from Tx to Ga. My Gpa said he noticed she was eating less but didn't see the signs. Now we surprised her and didn't tell her we were coming. Amongst other family all were happy to see us. My Gma I could tell wasn't the rock solid woman I always known her to be. It made me realize that you can be 70yo and still have these dark thoughts and try. She looked so weak and frail. So here I am in a different time zone trying to support my gma the best I can. My sister doesn't even know, she just thinks she's 'sick'. This woman has all the love in the world and that still doesn't help dark thoughts. IDK how I feel, I don't know how I'm coping. It hasn't hit me yet I think... Also my Gpa literally would not survive without her. Like she's the one that makes sure bills are paid on time and basically runs the house. She's his guide and he'd be lost and a wreck without her. Hes so shaken up and worried. On top of everything my girlfriend just tried the same thing but a different method and her brother called the cops and she got 5150'd and I've talked her once in 3 days. When she called I had just learned about my gma and I feel like she didn't get the support she needed from me. It breaks my soul to think that this loving amazing person would want it to go all away and leave all of us behind. I have so many cherished memories of my grandparents. Sometimes I feel like I can get these stints of depression and I know it runs in the family. So here's me unbottling to you guys in hopes to here thoughts, prayers, and reddit love.