How can I get my finances back to a point where I can go to school or to a point where I don’t hate my life?
I guess some backstory. I’m 19 about to be 20 in September. 

When I was in spring of 11th grade my mom got sick (Lupus or something, honestly she might be faking it but that’s a whole different post.) 

Anyway she went to the hospital and was there for about a month. I ended up skipping a lot of school to be able to care for and do all the general house duties for my younger brothers. (11yrs old and 1yr old at the time.). Things progress my mom misses a lot of work we end up moving with my grandma. 

Now here’s where shit really hits the fan. So tensions build between my grandma and my mom because of my moms suspected prescription opiate and Benzo abuse. Anyhow, dfchs gets involved (not related to the drugs but that didn’t help) about 4 months before I go to college and my moms health deteriorates seemingly out of nowhere. So freshman and sophomore year I’m juggling trying to work to support myself, school, and helping my grandma take care of my brothers. I thought I could handle it, I couldn’t.

Of course my schoolwork suffered and my gpa dropped below Hope eligibility. 

So I tried to find a full time job, and I did. Then got laid off not too soon after due to “budget cuts.” My first time experiencing adulthood.

Shortly after my car died and my depression got to a dark place.


What followed is 3months of applying to anything I could reasonably walk to (I was trying to search within 5miles) because transportation in the part of Georgia I was in was a huge deal and I could not get around. 


No jobs responded. Including the Walmart a mile away with a fucking hiring sign out front that I repeatedly went in to try and talk and build rapport with the managers. 

During these 3 months I took out 3 credit cards and ended up maxing them out. I needed food and other essentials that I simply had no money for. 

The depression kinda spiraled out of control.

I had a plan in place to hang myself but my friends at the time took the rope I was going to use and I was too broke to buy another. 

My dad who has been in and out of my life. Mostly out prior to this. Invited me out to come stay with him and his family in LA while I tried to get myself together.

I’m working hard, I found a job here. Retail but it’s a job. I’m waking up early, I’m doing noFap and I’m working out 3x a week to try to keep my depression in check. 

But despite all that, I want to kill die still.

I don’t see a future where I’m able to continue school. Dfchs told me they couldn’t help pay for college because “I wasn’t in for long enough before beginning college” but they had no fucking problem coming to my dorm and asking me questions and causing stress once a week. 

I feel like I’m barely supporting myself, and honestly I haven’t talked to my brothers since the youngest ones birthday (April 15th). Because I feel like I failed them. I haven’t talked to my grandma either because I feel like a disappointment.

And my mom keeps calling me every other month telling me she’s gonna kill herself because she feels like nobody loves her. Even through I bent over fucking backwards trying to help her by bringing my brothers to see her and making sure they could talk. 

(My grandma and the rest of my moms family won’t talk to her because she’s cursed all of them out horribly when they tried to be there for her)

