I Just Want to Feel Normal
I’ll try to make this as short as possible, I swear....
And please bear with me. I know this is overwhelming and a lot is jumbled, but I have no other outlet....

I’m so tired of living.
I’m not suicidal by any means, and I’m not talking about ending my life or anything, but I’m so TIRED of living in the mental state that I’m in.

I can’t afford a therapist, and the ones that have been recommended because they work with your income are awful....

My depression didn’t hit until after my first child was born almost three years ago. Since then, I have been a WRECK, but have gotten much MUCH better over the course of the years. I’ve been on Celexa (60mg) for about a year which helped tremendously, but had to do away wth it once I hit my third trimester of this pregnancy (I’m currently 21 weeks).

ALL OF THESE SYMPTOMS happened before I got pregnant a second time, and have been intensified since becoming pregnant...

—I’m constantly moody. My emotions change with the drop of a hat.
—I’m constantly wondering why my husband stays with me (he is a GREAT GREAT supporting, caring lover) and am always thinking he deserves better
—I hate waking up on the weekends because I feel like I have no purpose (my almost-three year old is pretty easy to manage despite being rambunctious)
—I am too self conscious to even get out and do something if I know the place I want to go to will be crowded
—I have NO motivation to do anything. Walking to get some fresh air? Nope. Getting out of the house just for a moment to change scenery? Not a chance.
—Everything that I try to do I have NO attention span to continue.

Ive tried reading, cross stitching, writing, adult coloring books, ANYTHING to make my life seem more interesting and pleasurable....and I just can’t stick to anything.


I’m sorry. I know this post is all over the place. I don’t even know where to start.
I just wish that I had SOMEONE to talk to to set me straight Nd to encourage me. My husband tries his best and he does a GREAT job, but he has no idea what it feels like....