I made it so much worse
Hey guys, haven’t been on reddit long, or this subreddit either. Never intended to post something, but recent events have changed that. So, I’ll start with some background,

I’m a 17 year old high school student. My best friend is 17 too, (Who will be referred to as Golf from now on) We didn’t even know each other before the school year started, but we had a couple mutual friends and we just... connected. It’s one of those friendships where it doesn’t really make sense, to anyone, let alone either of us, it’s like we’re family. It’s the only way I can describe it. 

Anyway, we’re dipshit high schoolers, so we joke about depression and suicide in our friend group. The group knows Golf has depression, they have no clue about mine though. Anyway, when I started hanging out with him I did what I’ve been doing for a year and a half. Joking about my depression and making jokes about offing myself. I didn’t know Golf had it until a couple months ago, but soon after we started hanging out he started joking about it too. Well he got reported to the counseling center, a couple of times in fact. But they’re honestly useless, so it didn’t help.
It came to a head last night when the group basically kidnapped him and forced him to go to a hospital. They didn’t tell me for whatever reason. I still haven’t figured out why. But eventually I got there. The night is a blur from there, I didn’t eat anything since breakfast, and that was noodles. As I’m just now typing this I realize that I’m at around 30 hours without food now. But that’s not important. I did my best to be there for Golf. He went home safe with his parents and is going to go to therapy/counseling. It was an awful day yesterday, a couple of events made Golf’s depression way worse for him. I’m glad we got him to the hospital before he hurt himself.

But it’s my fault, I know it is. I don’t need you guys telling me how it isn’t either. You wont change my mind. It is my fault, I taught him that suicide and depression could be treated as a joke. I made it worse. I hate myself for it. I don’t know what to do. Hell, I don’t know why I made this post at all. I don’t know if I want advice, or vent, or see if there’s someone else out there who has gone through something like this. Right now he’s on a trip with his mom and dad golfing.  Golf (the activity) is one of the few things he enjoys. All I want to do is lay in my bed and not exist in the outside world for the rest of spring break. I don’t want to take any attention away from Golf. He deserves it more than I do. I just don’t know what to do anymore.

(I’m sorry for the rambling and any punctuation/grammar errors). 