Debunking “stigma”
Everybody who questions psychiatry often gets the response “you’re stigmatising people with mental health issues”

What’s more stigmatising? Telling people they have biologically broken brains with insufficient brain chemistry, and bad genes? Psychiatrists/psychotherapist within the biopsycho model of human emotions, only drug, or involuntarily “hopstialise” people

Telling people they can’t overcome their problems with life due to their bad brain which doesn’t operate correctly and the only thing they can do is take a psychiatric drug?

Subjecting people to isolation and distancing themselves from people as “different” due to “mental illness” and subjugating the “norm” from the “mentally ill” subjecting people to drug trials they have ended up in suicide and mass homocide, all for the progress of “psychiatric medicine”

Telling people that they have biological genetic brain diseases like “schizophrenia” and they’ll never really live a normal life.

Yet we’re the stigmatisers? YOU’RE the one who solicitates a lawyer when you have tried a psychiatric drug that almost made you kill yourself now you want to fight psychiatry but you’re okay with kids being chemically lobotomised on Ritalin?

How many more expansions of diagnosis in the dsm? does it have to be to wake you sheeples up that Collectivising human behaviour and giving them a label of “disease” with symtomps does it have to be to tell you that these behaviours aren’t found through cellular pathology, brain scans, blood tests, or some medical diagnostic criteria?

How many more deaths, school shootings, senseless violence, suicide by the administration of drugs? Will it have to be to wake you people up that psychiatry has killed more people throughout the entire history of the world than the Jewish halocaust?

It’s time to wake up and see that the “stigma of mental illness” is just psychiatric propaganda to deflect all the damage and life’s runid by their tortuous domain and authoritarian political reign.

Wearing a badge upon your head saying I’m “bipolar” is self deprecative as you’ve surrended your mental factilites and human experience/emotion for the NIMH who’ve admitted you can’t define “mental illness” and want to use you as some priori for the campaigns to sell treatment therapy and drugs.

Own titles like “I beat depression” I “beat bipolar” not resigning yourself to a pathetic existence of numbing your emotions and dying 20 years younger on psychiatric drugs.