Drank too much and ended up in the hospital
Let me start this off by saying I’m underage, so that just makes this just so much better. 

Anyway, a handful of months back I had the smart idea to get drunk by myself. I don’t know what did it, I only drank a few shots, less than what I normally do, but whatever I guess it was destined. Next thing I know, I’m waking up all wrapped up in IVs with my mom next to me. I’m confused as all living hell. My mom just says “you drank the vodka,” looking more devastated than I have ever seen her, and then I cry myself to sleep.

Now I’m ruined. I’m broken. The guilt eats away at me all the time, constantly. As soon as I think of my family that’s all I can think of. Apparently I was found in a aggravated state, and upon being discovered I punched two holes in the wall, along with attempting to put in a hole in my father’s head. God I fucking hate myself. I’m not even a violent person, I hate hurting anything. Being anywhere around my home or family just makes me unbearably sad now. I had to come home and look my brother in the eye, and apologize for being so fucked up I tried to not only punch my dad, but a police officer who was forced to restrain me. By the way I don’t remember any of this, all of this my parents told me. You know how much that hurts? Not remembering a night at all, and it turns out you ran at your dad screaming, “fuck you I’m gonna kill you”

I hate myself.

I’m so full of regret and guilt and self hatred all the time. I hurt my family so much, and I continue to. I’ve had multiple emotional breakdowns since, when pretending to be okay just becomes too much. I’ve made my parents so concerned for me. Not only do they constantly think I’m high now, and do not hesitate to think every single fucking broken thing is my fault because I got “too fucked up”, but with the emotional rants I’ve had I’m sure they think im about to blow any second and kill myself. 

I ruined everything. My relationship with my family is ruined. I love my parents beyond belief, and I know they love me too, but the shame, and the sadness I feel just being around them, it’s constantly unbearable. Nothing feels normal anymore. It hasn’t since that fucking day. I would give anything, literally anything to go back. I’d rather be completely paralyzed than do what I did to my family. 

I have no care for myself at all anymore. I hate myself more than any other person. I’m selfish, impulsive, lazy, stupid, and above all less than worthless. If I wasn’t born I’m sure my family would be much more happy.

I can’t kill myself, because then I’d kill my whole family. My mom straight up told me if I kill myself that will be the end for her too. I don’t know what to do then. I guess slowly shrivel away or hope I get ran over. 