I’m trying to get communication back with my best friend. I have an idea, it won’t be easy and it may never work, but it’s worth a shot?
Long story short: I’ve been depressed and I have a friend. I could make a 5 paragraph story about my friend and my depression. But I want to get to the point. I don’t want to make this post too long otherwise no one will read it.

My friend made the decision to stop communication with me until I go to a residential psychiatric program or somewhere similar. The thing is I’ve been in one already, it was a pretty flexible place, cell phones were allowed, doors were never locked, etc. Long story short I became “too high risk” and am not allowed back. And I don’t want to go back. I don’t believe in happiness by mental health, I believe in natural happiness. I believe that all humans deserve to feel happy without being told “your life sucks so you need pills and mental health treatment to be happy.”

So anyways, I can’t fulfill his wish. But getting communication back with him is all I want. There are no exceptions.

So here’s my idea. Just for fun I livestream games on YouTube. I do it for fun, not for fame, I don’t play those popular games, I play the ones that no one plays. It’s unlikely for a video to get more than 100 views. But I’ve considered starting a new channel. I will livestream games, post videos about my custom Guitar Hero songs (I do that for fun too) and just pretty much show that I’m having fun. But the big goal of the channel will be to “get my friend back”. That’ll be the whole idea. That will be written on every video. That’s what the channel art will say. Think of it as a gofundme, only I’m not asking for money, I’m asking for support from the public to hear my story, hear what I’m doing, and to be there with me when my friend does deliver.

Here’s the catch. For obvious reasons, his name will never be revealed. No one will have any idea who my friend is. But little by little, I will try to reveal the channel to him. It’ll start with the channel being named “Ian”, then sooner or later add my last name. As time goes on I’ll try and find ways to give him clues about the channel without actually telling him anything.

The big dream is that he eventually discovers the channel, and with whatever support there is, he will see how much I’ve mentally improved over however long it takes.

This all may sound totally silly, totally bogus, yeah, maybe this will never work in a million years. Just a wild thought that I’m going to attempt anyways. I might edit this post with a link to the channel depending on the response here.