Writing out my feelings in hopes of gaining some sense of catharsis
I'd like to start by saying I don't think I'm a danger to myself. I'm tethered here pretty strongly by my family and my best friend. I can't see myself leaving them, because I've seen what it does to people when those closest to them go. I resent the fact that I can't go, at times, but there's nothing to be done about it really. 

Most of the people in my life only ever knew my outer shell. The somewhat false personality that I put on in order to function. Over the last three years my mask has been crumbling away and the results haven't been pretty. It's been a viscous feedback loop that leaves me feeling worse and worse as people fall out of my life one by one, either by their own choosing or because I distance myself to hide my pain as I become less and less able to handle it. 

The summer after my sophomore year I was in the darkest place of my life. I had to pull out of university and move home to get therapy. It was actually very effective, and my junior year was a home run. I was getting the highest test scores in STEM classes with 600 students, I was killing it in my philanthropic efforts, and I had more friends and social obligations than I knew what to do with. 

My senior year I spent the fall studying abroad in France. It was magical. I fell in love for the first time. I wasn't reciprocated, but the thing I learned about love is that it doesn't have to be reciprocated to be the most beautiful thing you've ever felt. 

When I got back from France, the seeds of my current ruin were planted. All throughout college I'd been heavily involved with a camp for kids whose parents have cancer. I did it because my dad had cancer when I was a little kid, and the people I met were all wonderful, but most of all because the only thing that gives me a sense of purpose is helping other people. It drives almost everything I do. This camp gave me a rock that I could cling to through the worst of my emotional storms. 

The two directors of the camp were both new my senior year. While I was in France, one of them dropped out of school due to her own struggles with mental health. The director that was left over was completely overwhelmed, and entirely ineffectual. People left and right were telling me that I should take the open position. I didn't want it; I have ADHD as well as depression and I was so anxious about my lack of organization. Camp was in such a hole though, and for the sake of my friends and my campers and their families I did the only thing I felt like I could do, and took on the directorship. 

It was rough. My co-director continued to do little of anything, and I felt like I was juggling grenades. I couldn't fuck this up. Kids I'd been mentoring for years needed this camp to cope in a healthy way, and for a number of parent couples, the week of camp was the last time they got to spend alone together before one of them would pass away from cancer. 

My grades dropped a whole point, on average. My volunteer research suffered, and I really let down the post doc I was assisting (Sorry Bethany). My mental health took a nosedive as well.  

I made camp happen. It was ugly and bumpy and unorganized, but I made it happen. I took solace in the fact that the kids didn't seem to notice the flaws, but it didn't do a lot good for my relationships with the other volunteers. 

I redoubled my efforts at the beginning of my 5th and final year of college. I moved into a house with some of the other volunteers who I was closest to. I had to quit my research, and I couldn't keep my grades where I wanted them, but camp planning was progressing well, especially after our national organization took notice of the lack of effort on my co-director's part and added a third director, my friend and newly minted roommate A.  

A helped enormously, but I still had so much on my plate. To cope with the stress, my drug use started to skyrocket. I was smoking weed and cigarettes all the time, and to keep up with all my biochemistry coursework and 8-10 planning meetings a week I was taking my prescribed adderall more often than I should have been. I became thoroughly addicted. In my final quarter of school, everything really fell apart. 

I was completely overwhelmed, and became less and less effective at my job. I put A in the exact position that I had been in the previous year. I could feel him resent me more and more every day, but I was too ashamed to talk to him about it, and he never asked me how I was doing. 

I barely graduated. As soon as school was over I quit adderall cold turkey, because it had been putting me in a very dangerous mental headspace for weeks, but until then it had remained a necessity. The withdrawals hit me like a truck. Getting out of bed felt like a truly herculean task. I was an empty husk of a human being and from graduation to camp in August I contributed almost nothing to the camp. I had nothing left to give. 

A hated me by that point. He began to tell people what he thought of me, and they listened. I watched helplessly as some of my closest friends and roommates began to look down upon me, if not for what A was saying then for my severely depressed behavior. I couldn't even really blame them. After camp, when we had our traditional fun awards ceremony, A was awarded "Most likely to make camp happen by himself". I was awarded "Linger", a camp song I was known for singing, but also a very pointed jab. It was humiliating. 
At the afterparty that night I drunkenly told A everything. He said it was ok, and I cried lying drunk on the porch.

I lived in the house with him for a few more months while I looked for a job. A was incredibly distant, and became more and more hostile over time. I got a job on a crab boat. I had a few reasons for doing it, but the most important reason in my head was that I might be lucky enough for it to kill me. The day I moved out A sent me a 6 paragraph essay over text, detailing everything I'd ever done that had disappointed him, and letting me know that there was nothing I could ever do to win his respect back. 

I left the state to work on the crab boat. For 5 months I lived in isolation, either working or chain smoking weed to keep myself from ruminating on all my failures. The crab boat did almost kill me. Multiple times, in fact. In the end I quit, not because I was suddenly afraid to die, but because my captain was the most sadistic piece of human scum I'd ever met, and I couldn't take him any more. 

I've spent the 5 months since then trying to find a job. 50+ apps out and I'm no closer than when I started. I've been up to visit the city I graduated in twice, but both times I've been wracked with crippling anxiety. I can tell how A affected the opinions of some of my closest friends, and it kills me. 

So, that's where I am. I'm going to go smoke a cigarette and pray that I get my dad's cancer even younger than he did. 