Cold turkey of Escitalopram
So let me begin this by saying this is a terrible idea and I should definitely taper off with the help of my psychiatrist.

So, earlier this year after some lack of focus and insistent lethargy eventually my parents decided to take me to a psychiatrist. One thing leads to another and I am diagnosed with depression and put on a dose of escitalopram (generic form of Lexapro) 20mg a day. Have a history of depression on my mother's side, and they had all the symptoms pretty severely minus the suicidal ideation, which I believed supported their diagnosis.

So as school was finishing up and I had exams to study for, I spent most afternoons essentially consciously unconscious as I was too tired and struggling to keep a focus on homework and related tasks. Long story short told my parents I had been taking Adderall once and a while and we talked to the psychiatrist and he was very understanding and after trying to allow the SSRI to do its magic, he ultimately added an Adderall script to my regime.

So for some months I took the addy as needed and the anti-depressant as described (other than the days I forgot). So fast forward to summer and while I'm feeling marginally better, I was lead to believe the addy was doing most of the work. 

So just last week I decided just to cold turkey the SSRI. Now, this was a slight test of seeing how I would react to abstaining from the meds (which is an awful idea). Strangely, I have noticed no real change whatsoever from when I was taking it to this past week of not taking it at all.

I am somewhat familiar with the omens regarding stopping an anti-depressant cold turkey and the associated rebound depression and serotonin-related issues, however, I am unsure why I haven't experienced anything. The optimistic side of me wants to explain this as my body just being weird and being able to withstand this drug-related anomaly. The pessimistic side of me believes that it's related to escitalopram somewhat length half-life and that a nightmarish hell awaits me very soon.

Just as a side note, at the same time as my depression diagnosis, I also got a blood test which delivered wonderful news that I had Lyme's Disease (which after much reading, I found exhibits many traits of depression and ADHD like disorders) and was promptly treated. Now I don't proclaim to be healed as I still exhibit a sense of lethargy, however, that might just be something I've become accustomed to and given getting out of my house, I am usually able to go out and be alive.

Obviously, not discussing this decision with my doctor is unnecessarily dangerous and naive, but I just don't enjoy taking the medication and this past week kind of supports my idea that I don't really need to take the medication if I am able to function fine without it.

Forgive me for this whole backstory of my last year, I just was unsure if some of this information might be useful in determining what's happening.

**tl;dr**: got lethargic and lacked focus this last year, diagnosed with depression and Lyme's disease, been on escitalopram since spring and Adderall (whenever I choose to take it) since mid-Mayish.

Have stopped taking escitalopram for about a week now and am not exhibiting any withdrawals or issues regarding the cold turkey. My question is: am I an anomaly or am I due for a bitter time in the near future? 

QUICK EDIT: just wanna say I tried looking up this lack of side effects from cold turkey, but all I can seem to find is the side-effects of not taking the medication, so if someone has some website or anecdotal experience they can refer me to, that would be much appreciated :)