I need help
Please help, I don’t know what’s happening and I can’t control my emotions. I’m losing it.



I went to my mom’s house and when I got there, there were guests staying over that I didn’t know. I have very severe social anxiety so this is not good. When I called my mom before driving to her house, she specifically said that no guests were over and it was okay to come. She lied.


I went inside the house and asked my mom about the guests, she told me that she intentially lied to me because she wanted me to come over and knew that I wasn’t going to come over if there were guests there. 


I freaked out. My mom completely disrespected my boundaries and said the equivalent of “fuck your social anxiety, do what I want”


I quickly left the house and went back into my car. I wanted to leave there because I knew I couldn’t handle socializing with other people. However, my mom followed me back into my car and started to ask why I was leaving. I tell her that she lied to me and I can’t take deal with my social anxiety. She says she doesn’t believe my social anxiety is real (mind you, I’ve spent two month in a psychiatric hospital last year) and says she wants me to stay. I tell her fuck off and get out of my car but she doesn’t leave.


At this point I don’t know what to do so I freak out. We have an argument for an hour. She’s not leaving my car and is yelling at me. We eventually decide that I should go to my sisters house to sleep. 



I leave but now I have so much anxiety that I can’t drive. I park my car in a nearby parking lot deciding what I want to do. I have so much anxiety at this point that I made a post of /r/suicidewatch but quickly deleted it. 


Then my mom calls me and eventually asks me if I am driving to my sisters house. I don’t respond to the question because I don’t want to lie, and she finds out that Icwas nearby. 


She freaks out. She accuses me of lying to her when I didn’t lie. She then takes her car and starts to find where I was. She finds me and then we have an argument for two hours. She keeps on yelling at me saying that I should come back to the house and “forget about my anxiety”. I tell her I wanted to go back to the psychiatric ward in the hospital and she says that I’m being fucking ridiculous and should stop thinking like this. 


She eventually leaves my car saying that I should come sleep in her house and that “everything will be fine”. Right now it’s 2am and I’m still in my car and I’m so fucking mentally fucked up I don’t know what to do.