People I love keep dying. I can't take it anymore.
On New Year's Eve I got a phone call at 1 in the morning that one of my closest friends died. I didn't believe it. I thought it was a joke. It wasn't. His brother made a post on Facebook letting everyone know. It felt like a bad dream.

I couldn't stop crying. I cried at work. I tried to get time off, but they didn't offer bereavement for people who weren't immediate family.

I was so distraught that I couldn't go to the funeral. I was afraid to see his body. I hate myself for being so weak. He was 28. It shouldn't be. He should still be alive.

Four months later, my grandfather died. We were close. The last time we talked he said "that's my sweetheart, that's my pride and joy." I sat with him in the hospital and watched Aubrey Hepburn. We promised to see each other again soon.

I saw him a week later in hospice. He was catatonic. I told him it was okay to let go, okay to move on if he was in pain. They say hearing is the final sense to go. He died thirty minutes after I left.

On July 1st my mother told me that she's been diagnosed with cancer. They took a biopsy of her lymph node yesterday to see if it has spread there. She is on a month of leave from work.

That was the final straw for me, I think. I feel like a shell of who I was before December 31st. I am terrified of the future. I remember when my friend died, I asked myself who I would lose next. I had no idea things would spiral down and down.

Everyday is a struggle for me to stay at work. All I want to do is sleep. I have constant migraines (a chronic condition), and the pain paired with the grief is absolute hell. I started seeing a counselor about a month ago, and I like her but she can only do so much. I am on medication, and I have a good support system. 

But the sorrow is just overwhelming. I feel like this grief is never going to end. I wasn't ready to say goodbye to them. I don't want to lose my mom. I'm not even thirty. I'm not ready to wake up knowing that she isn't with me anymore. I can't take anymore. I have been crying all day.

I don't really know what I expect to see from anyone here, but I'm just so lost.