I feel trapped in a life I don't want to live.
It took a lot of time for me to consider posting here but I'm gonna be alone for the whole day and can't deal with it. So, hi, I'm just your typical British kid dealing with the stresses of College but the problem is that I'm not stressed because of college (I don't really care much for it but it's better then work), I'm stressed because of this constant cycle of: wake up, spend an hour trying to get up, be 20 minutes late to everything every day, eat, browse the Internet and sleep. 

All around me there's people who have clear career paths and know what they're passionate about, but I look at myself and realise that I don't have that. I have no interest in working in a job for the next 45 years of my life because there's nothing that I'd like doing. I'm doing fine in all of my classes (As in History and Cs in Maths, Distinctions in BTEC Engineering, everything just feels too simple) but I just still get these weeks where I feel worthless and pointless. I get brain fog, I end up teary eyed and can't talk to anybody for fear of looking stupid (I have speech problems). But then when I end up actually talking to others I apparently look happy.

I have spoken to people at my school about it, but it's the same thing every time. 'Oh you're struggling? We'll have a five minute conversation about your feelings and wait months to make sure you're not still sad'. I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety but I stopped taking medication in July 2017 and haven't seen a doctor or therapist since. They didn't help, the medication I was on turned me into a god damn zombie and my therapist got exceptionally pissy at me for not telling the truth about my lack of improvement. I felt like I had to lie so I didn't waste their time and mine, I worry that's why I end up wearing a mask 90% of the time. Even around my family, who believe more in self-help then actually getting an actually decent therapist to try and help me. I'm ashamed to talk to them about it, no matter what anyone says, trust me when I say that they will NOT understand. I have been incredibly clear about it all and got mocked for it, some people just don't want to learn.

I had a pretty bad childhood that I try to justify my problems with (dealt with a lot of sexual abuse and my mother died in 2013) but when I'm having these 'days' I'm not thinking about anything in particular that would make me flighty. I ended up admitting a lot of my past to one teacher last week who I admire greatly and whom pretty much just saved my life and I am still cringing today. I know I have no reason to cringe either, I just get so nervous of social interaction.

I just don't get why the universe picked me to be its miserable little experiment. I never asked for anything bad to happen, I never asked to constantly feel tired and under the weather, I know that life isn't gonna be perfect but why is it that day after dull ass day I have to feel worse and worse? I try to take responsibility for my health, I feel like dirt, I have other people have some part in it and they take it for granted and hardly any of them actually make a big effort on me. 

Sorry if my words are jumbled and rambled, I just needed a place to vent whilst I still can.