I think i'm okay, but in reality and in hindsight I am completely not okay. I think I am literally dying day by day.
Hello to anyone out there,

I'm just a good guy who didn't come from much and I'm trying my best to live a fulfilling life but I don't think I can anymore because of this illness. I use to be quite a geek as a kid and love video games and playing with others and having fun. I remember when I use to look forward to coming home from elementary school or middle school and just do my homework and then game away. It was so much fun then and I felt like I was genuinely pretty happy. Now a days I feel like i'm just literally dead. I don't do anything, I can't sleep, I hardly eat because I cant find the motivation to go out and get food... and over the past 4 years I have noticed that depression really has taken a toll on me mentally and physically.

It sucks so bad that I genuinely think I will probably die prematurely and die lonely. I have no friends, no acquaintances, and just family that don't understand anything about what i'm going through. To be honest I wish I was never born. I wish i didn't exist because facing the world is killing me.

Just the other day I thought about all the opportunities i've missed out on because of my depression. Like internships, jobs, career fairs, fun events and even a potential awesome friend but all of that isn't going to happen because i am as dead as a rock.

I turned 22 a couple days ago and no one even said happy birthday...Not even family. At this point i'm looking at my future and its looking dim.

I've simply lost the meaning of living. I have no self esteem, no confidence, nothing. Maybe people like me don't deserve to live a good life, perhaps we ought to die and just get over it.

If there was someone who can tell me my fate i'll want to listen to it now. I just can't anymore. I fucking just want to run the bridge and jump off but sadly i recognize that I only have one life. I'm hoping and hoping maybe everything can turn around for me but what are the odds to be honest.

I might as well have a heart attack and just die. I hate this. I'm lonely, i'm always sad and i'm just a piece of shit that is worthless.

Good Bye everyone. I hope you've all had an awesome day. As for me everyday is the same and if things don't change soon I think i'll rather end it. Not even graduating college meant anything for me. I fucking hate myself!
