I don't feel well.
Hey, I'm a highschool freshman and this has been the lowest I've ever been from the past three years of feeling like I should be gone. Buckle up your seatbelts because this'll probably be pretty long.

Since the beginning of this year, I've been wanting to die; I feel so lonely and as if nobody actually cares about me. 
So, there's my primary friendship group; the people I hang out with the most. All of my (2) "genuine" female friends pretty much don't give two shits about me because I tend to act really clingy to them and other people because I've been friends with them since first grade and don't want to lose them. One of my female friends is kinda popular and she barely talks to me, and I just feel like I'm undeserving of her time or something; she's also kinda claimed my other female friend, so I don't get as much time to hang out with them as I used to. My guy friends are also a bit popular and they also happen to be dating my two female friends lol. They do make me feel happy talking to them, and I do hang out with them a lot, but sometimes I feel like I shouldn't be hanging out with them all that much because then I'm "stealing" them from my friends. I also get pretty bummed not being in a relationship when my other friends are, and I do feel like I'm not needed amongst any of my friends. (Basically, I just feel like the rebound when one of my friends aren't there).

Can we actually talk about one of my female friends a bit more, actually? We'll call her M and my other female friend B. We met M last year and we invited her to hang out with us during our lunches. M was going through a tough time and we helped her out all the time and it was great making a new really close friend. She was really fun to talk to, but I don't know...sometimes she says some shit to me that makes me kinda bummed. I remember telling her how I felt kinda depressed once, and she said something along the lines of "Stop asking for attention and actually do something". Another time, I was hanging out with B's boyfriend, but the next day, M was mad at me and told me I shouldn't take him from B (which I do get and feel bad for, but B is totally cool with it and understands how me and her boyfriend hang out :p) Recently, (I don't remember what initiated the conversation really) M and I were talking (which rarely happens anymore), and she was talking about how she feels like she doesn't have anyone that actually cares for her, when she has so many people that clearly do care about her and love her. Then she proceeds to tell me to actually go and make friends again. I hate being petty and talking about other people, but I just don't feel comfortable being very close to her anymore and I'm not sure she's interested in talking to me either. 

So then that leaves like two male friends, and again because they're in relationships with B and M, I'm trying to pace myself with hanging out with them so one of them don't get upset. It's also pretty hard to make friends in a school where most people are white and really attractive, or already have their place. I'm a non-attractive Asian female that tends to make weird jokes and seem really masculine with the way that I mainly put forward, and I just don't fit in anywhere. I have a lot of anxiety of what people think of me, so then I sometimes struggle with talking to people. I wouldn't say people dislike me at all, it's just that nobody would hang out with me outside of school and it's hard to find people that are willing to spend time with me.

There's also the problem with others' expectations of me;; Almost all my life, I've been deemed "smart", which has caused so much pressure and anxiety throughout the years. My parents really want me to do well in school, and peers think I'm so great at everything. I *thought* it would go away after elementary school, but even here, people consider me being so "smart" and able to do anything. With currently a ~95 average in my classes, it's extremely difficult to maintain that and I feel like if I do any worse, someone is going to get mad at me. People expect me and think I'm so good, but really I'm just average at literally everything I do. 
I also have no idea what I want to do with my life. I'm not very good at anything, and I have so many interests, it's hard to pin down something that I *should* do with my time. Nothing really interests me enough to do it for like 25~40 years of my life, and the things I would be interested in have literally no way of making a living off of or is something totally unachievable. I feel like I can't make any difference to anyone in the world, and I'll die not making an impression on anyone or having anyone really care about me in the end.

I've been hurting myself since about third grade, mostly from scratching myself with my nails until it leaves a mark for a few days and hitting myself on the back of the head. It's extremely satisfying and I feel like it's a good thing to punish myself for being such a waste.
So that's pretty much the gist of it, I guess? Mostly just problems with self worth and having others view me a certain way. There is some other stuff, but nothing that I can really think of at the top of my head. These past 3 months have been excruciating, and I haven't gone a day without thinking I should just end it all and give up. I want to be happy, but that just seems so far away and I don't know if me living benefits anyone. Admittedly, I don't want to die, but I *do* at the same time? I feel like I have no place in the world and I can't talk to anyone about how I'm feeling because none of them are actually willing to hear what I have to say, so now I'm just dumping my feelings on Reddit. I'm tired of living and feeling like shit. I don't remember the last time I genuinely felt happy to be alive. I want someone I'm close to tell me that they love me and care about me and say I'm not a useless piece of garbage and that what I say isn't meaningless or invalid. I don't want to feel alone. I don't ask to feel alone. I feel alone because I am alone, and I feel like I can't tell anyone this because I don't want them to walk out of my life.

I'm sorry if this seemed really petty and like I'm just bitching about some shitty first world problems, because I know I am. :/ I just feel kinda down right now and I haven't been able to tell someone how I actually feel in months. 

So yeah. Thanks for reading, stranger. Sorry for the inconvenient text wall.
