I was just curious what your feelings are on long-term outcomes for depression. A little background for me: I've been on and off medicines for several years. I was always depressed as a child, but didn't really seek professional help until maybe 10 years ago. I originally went on medicines. for severe pms prescribed to me by my ob-gyn. I just kind of continued on with it because it made me feel "leveled out". Then I had issues with sleep apnea, joint pains etc. My neurologist put me on Effexor. Every time I tried to go off that drug I was dizzy and had bad side effects. Finally, I reduced the dose myself and weaned myself off the Effexor. I had gained a tremendous amount of weight. I was off all medicines for 8 months and then I really feel into a dark depression. It was then that I sought a therapist, etc. I have been on medicines ever since...since June of 2004. I had lost 40 pounds by going off the medicines, but then became depressed again. following several deaths and major life events. I was put on Lexapro and gained weight. Not wanting to gain weight again, I hated being on the medicines. He kept saying it will stabilize. I told him that the weight gain was making me more depressed. Finally, he changed my medicines to Wellbutrin. We talked about trying to go off medicines when life events settled down...my main reason to go off was the weight gain. Immediately the weight came back off. That was a year ago. Now a year later, I am still losing about a pound or two a month. The last time I went in, he didn't say anything about going off the medicines. How long do people take medicines? Is it just better to stay on them and not fall back into the hole? Are there any long-term use side effects to be concerned with? Is this something I will probably be on forever? It just seems like I will always be like this. It just seems like depression is always just standing back in the shadows. I go for a very long time and feel fine and then I have a week where I get very down and know that if I wasn't on medicines. it would be very bad. I haven't gone to talk to my therapist in a long while. When I am having these bouts of depression, should I call and say I need to go in for a "check-up". I don't really have any specific issues to discuss. The big thing right now is I just feel down because I have lost my closest friends and don't feel like I have any friends to do anything with. I feel so isolated. Would it be good to just call and go in? I just feel stupid saying I feel sad because I don't have any friends. Are there any good books that you can recommend on self-help--esp. negative thinking, understanding why I think the way I do, etc. I found Dr. Phil's book on Life Strategies to be very helpful in discovering that there are reasons why I do things and think.