Hi. I'm new to the forums. I was going to lurk for a bit before I posted, but there's so many of us, (I mean, I knew. but I didn't know.. you know? :) it seems like the thing to do. I'm a 24 year old male and I've had problems with depression for as long as I can remember, though it's become worse over the last year or so. I was pretty heavily involved in music and martial arts for years, but I'm no longer motivated to do either. I'm still going to school, though Hi. I'm new to the forums. I was going to lurk for a bit before I posted, but there's so many of us, (I mean, I knew. but I didn't know.. you know? :) it seems like the thing to do. I'm a 24 year old male and I've had problems with depression for as long as I can remember, though it's become worse over the last year or so. I was pretty heavily involved in music and martial arts for years, but I'm no longer motivated to do either. I'm still going to school, though I have no real direction and I'm afraid that my lack of motivation is going to cause me to screw that up too.  I started having anxiety attacks about a year ago and they've increased in frequency the last few months. They're (not to sound melodramatic) the hardest thing I've ever had to deal with. If I'm in panic-attack mode, any slight pain or discomfort quickly becomes a life-threatening illness that is surely going to kill me in the next few minutes. As ridiculous as that sounds, it's absolutely real when it's happening and I live in almost constant fear it's going to happen again. I have a hard time even driving anymore (especially on the freeway) and increasingly rely on my girlfriend for menial things like going to the store. She is very supportive and is aware that something is wrong, though I don't think she understands to what extent. I've started completely avoiding any situation in which I have to meet new people and have a hard time even talking to people I don't know on the phone. These symptoms have been increasing in intensity over the last 6 months or so and exponentially for the last 3 weeks (I just lost my job). It seems like quite a few of you have been dealing with these sorts of things for much longer and I'm sorry if my posting here so soon seems insensitive, but its already getting to the point where I know I can't handle living like this for years on end. I've suffered from depression for (relative to my age) a long time and the anxiety attacks are absolutely terrifying (a little redundant, I know). It feels like the last year is the beginning of everything completely falling apart. I guess my posting here is a way to get the ball rolling towards getting some help. I don't have health insurance anymore and I'm not sure where to go from here. I've been medicated in the past, but I haven't taken anything in a few years. Though, without insurance I'm not even sure that's an option. That's enough for now. Thanks for providing a resource like this. The anonymity of the internet lets me say some of the things I'm afraid to say to everyone else.