I've had a rough time of things lately, which is partly what made me search for this site. I've had recurrent unipolar depression since my mid teens with an associated anxiety disorder and a panic disorder that took root 5 years ago after I beat a drink problem I had at the time (between the age of 22 and 25 I used alcohol as a bit of a crutch which was a huge mistake). Anyway these days I am teetotal, on anti depressants and only really get a bad time with my depression A during the winter months or B if something triggers an episode (circumstantial). Usually it lifts up in the summer months (I think I might get a bit of SAD) but last year my mother passed away on the 23rd of March and it caused a huge crash in my mood which never lifted in time before the winter episode took hold. I dealt with it by comfort eating (I do comfort eat at times, but I also get bad food cravings in the winter for foods such as chocolate, cheese and carbohydrates, so pizza and chocolate ice-cream became my regular fodder for a while). Anyway that lead to weight gain which is besides the point but which I was planning on correcting (as I have done before) this summer when the food cravings wear off and my mood lifted. Unfortunately it's not lifted as of yet due to recent circumstances. Not only did I have the first anniversary of my mother's death to deal with, but my partner whom I loved very much decided that this would be the best time to dump me and completely rip me to shreds in the process. He basically emailed (he lives in another city) a few days before the anniversary of her death saying he wanted to end it. I tried to contact him but he wouldn't talk on the telephone or by voice, and would not respond to any emails I sent him. He then contacted me by IM on the day of her anniversary (23rd March) to rip me to shreds and tell me that he couldn't love someone like me before posting publicly on his journal running me down before posting disturbing replies to some of the posts on my journal anonymously (but I recognized his ISP number so I know it was him even though he denied it) making it sound as though the whole thing was deliberate. I wouldn't mind but it came out of the blue, the night before all this started he was discussing a work transfer to move to where I am and signed off with 'I love you'. Next day, wham. I'm social phobic so don't really have many friends I cant talk to about this, my mother was usually the one id turn to but she isn't here anymore, so my mood, although it usually lifts at this time of year, has taken a nose dive and I'm having trouble getting myself motivated again. The emotional pain I felt on that Thursday was like nothing I had felt for years, I just literally felt like my heart had been ripped out of my chest. I couldn't sleep and I couldn't eat for the best part of that week, although I'm eating and sleeping again now. Am I over reacting to what he did, because I'm hurt as hell and completely and utterly infuriated with him at the same time? I know I can be slightly prone to being a bit of a drama queen at times (over reacting to stuff) and I can sometimes be a little paranoid. But the whole thing felt deliberate as though he intentionally intended to hurt me, and even now when I try to contact him to get answers he is being spiteful and running me down. Of course after this I spat a whole load of vitriol at him and now I'm being painted as the one that was in the wrong, and he is saying he did nothing that warranted the vitriol and is the innocent party in all of this. Of course he also interprets home truths as vitriol, and I tend to be very open and say things as I see them, to the point of lacking tact now and again. But whilst I'm willing to stand up and say I made a few mistakes and apologize, he is acting as though the blame is all mine and he did nothing wrong. I just can't seem to make him understand that the way he went about ending the relationship was one of the most hurtful ways anyone could have done it. I know he claims to suffer from bipolar disorder which he wont get treatment for, and I know that can make him highly moody, but I cant understand why he doesn't understand the hurt he caused me, or if he does, how someone who professed to love me, doesn't even seem to care. He seems totally and utterly cold, so cold it's chilling. I know he gets periods of emotional flatness because he told me, and he also told me he hears voices as well. Could he be suffering from some kind of depression related psychosis? One post he made to my journal was: Wisdom comes only to those who seek it, and sometimes to those who deserve it regardless of perfection, intent or even understanding. The common denominator though, seems to be deed. For one must do, or be done to, in order for wisdom to take root. Am I misreading that? Or reading into it? So am I over reacting? Was I wrong to argue back with him? How can I move on and get my motivation back again?