Hi, I'm pretty sure I'm suffering from depression, and probably have been for the last 18 months or so. It's only been lately that I feel like the rug has really been jerked out from under me, though. I think it started in mid-2004 when I became seriously ill. Between June and September 2004, I spent three weeks in the hospital, umpteen visits to the E/R, and finally, major surgery to correct the problem. Physically, I'm fine now. But we had no health insurance (long story), and when the hospital bills started rolling in, we tried our best to pay the bills, but there was just no way. We ended up filing bankruptcy, I lost my home business, and we very nearly lost our home. Ever since then, I've felt like I'm falling down a dark tunnel, even though the bankruptcy is over with. I was drinking part of this time, but have stopped, thinking that may have been causing the problem. But it's actually become worse since I've stopped.  Here's my "symptoms": I don't usually have trouble falling asleep, but I can't seem to stay asleep for more than a couple of hours. It's hard to go back to sleep, so I usually just get up. Weight gain because I find myself eating even when I'm not hungry. The "comfort food" thing, I guess. I tend to be a "stress" eater, and goodness knows I've had a lot of that lately! I used to enjoy camping and reading books (etc.), but I don't care about any of that anymore. I couldn't sit down now and read a book no matter how much I wanted to. I get through 5 or 6 pages, and totally lose interest. That's depressing in itself, because I used to love reading so much. I have no desire to get out and do anything. I literally close myself up in my spare bedroom every waking hour, only coming out to use the bathroom and to fix supper for my husband. I feel like I have nothing to look forward to. I'm not happy, but I can't pinpoint exactly what would make me happy. I honestly can't think of anything. I have no energy whatsoever.  I've been dealing with a TON of guilt over the bankruptcy. After all, the bankruptcy wouldn't have happened if I hadn't gotten sick, you know? I feel horrible for dragging my husband's credit down along with mine, but the way things were, I couldn't file bankruptcy by myself. Our credit was PERFECT until I got sick. My husband sold a bunch of his personal belongings to help pay bills, as did I, but it was so unfair for him to have lost his stuff on account of me. He's never once complained, but I still feel terrible. I've also been kicking myself for the loss of my home business. I can't help but feel like if it hadn't failed (I couldn't keep up with it during my illness), that we wouldn't have had to file bankruptcy. I've never been a crier, but I sure feel like it sometimes. I can't seem to do anything "right" these days. Irritable!!! Throwing stuff, being unreasonable, getting mad about petty things. The one thing I haven't experienced (thankfully) is suicidal thoughts. A few random "morbid" thoughts here and there, but nothing I'd ever act on. Last night I took several online self-tests, and all of them said I had mild to moderate depression. One even said severe. I guess the next step would be to go to the doctor, but I don't have a doctor. My sister is taking Zoloft for panic attacks and a PMS disorder, so I guess I'll ask her who she's seeing. What do they do ... just ask questions similar to the online questionnaires? Or? I've been reading about all the different kids of medicines, and found the information about Wellbutrin to be the most interesting. Obviously the doctor would know what I need better than I would, but I sure don't want to take something that's going to make me gain even more weight or feel like a zombie. At least one good thing, though. We do, thankfully, have insurance now. Another issue is my husband and family. To them, depression is something that people should be able to "just shake off". They don't understand that I CAN'T seem to "shake it off", otherwise, I gladly would. My husband is supportive in other ways, but he scoffed when my sister started taking Zoloft. To them, if they can't "see" the problem, it doesn't exist. I'm sure they don't mean to be "mean", but they just don't understand. Sorry for rambling. Any suggestions or thoughts?