I'm actually feeling a little bit like a fraud at the moment, because I've read so many different topics today and realized that there are people who have suffered far more than I have. I've joined this site, to start to try and get some help for myself and to talk about the things that have caused me to feel like this over the last few years. My doctor has told me that I'm depressed and prescribed tablets, but I refuse to believe this and have not taken them. I know that this is wrong, but I hate the idea of being labeled depressed.
Before I went to university, I was happy, adventurous, nothing could keep me down. I was in a fantastic relationship, but then I moved into halls, in a flat with six others, who I absolutely adored. One of them in particular, who I fell in love with. Little did I know that he had also fallen for me in the same way, but we were both so shy and I was in a relationship, that neither of us did anything about it ...... until we moved into a house together in our second year with 3 others. This is when everything went wrong. We were always close, really close in fact, and I admitted to him that I kept getting urges to kiss him, hold him and never let him go. He felt the same way as I did, but still nothing was done by either of us. Then one evening we were both out, getting drunk with friends, we found ourselves alone when we got back to the house and kissed. I've never felt like I did that night since. I didn't care about anything around me. We were the only 2 people in the world at that moment.
The next morning, we were both a bit bemused and didn't know what to say / do, so pretended like nothing had happened. The end of term came and we had just moved in to another house with the same people, but were all going home for the summer. I was devastated knowing that we wouldn't see each other until september. I began to resent my boyfriend who I was still with and my family were going through problems because of my father.
When september came, I went straight onto my final teaching placement, which meant up at 530 work all day, home, eat ,work and then in bed by 11pm. I was tired all the time and didn't have the energy to go out in the week, but He was always there for me, and yes, we were still pretending like nothing had happened.
After the christmas of my final year, I decided to party like never before. It was great, but there was still the issue of him. By now I had been trying to convince myself that I was still in love with my boyfriend, purely because I didn't have the guts to leave him and be on my own. How pathetic was that.
Anyway, we went out to the union for a major drinking session, danced like a couple, felt like a couple, got back to the house and one thing led to another. We ended up sleeping together in his room, he initiated it. It was amazing. However the next day we were so confused that we didn't speak for 2 days, until I told him how I really felt. That I had been in love with him since my first year, but couldn't do anything about it, that I was going mad inside because I wanted him so much. He returned my feelings. From then on, we were inseparable, but to anyone who saw us together, we were just 2 very very close friends, who lived in each others' pockets. We were having an affair of sorts and living a lie, but we found comfort in each other and couldn't let it go. I know how wrong it was, believe me I do, and I would be devastated if it ever happened to me.
We left university in the june of 2004. It was the worst time of my life. I felt like I was losing part of me, and was never going to get it back.
Before we left and before the lie really started, I had agreed to move in with my boyfriend in leeds for his final year. I didn't want to do this anymore, but was too chicken to say no, so this went ahead and for the last year, july 04 until now, I have been living with my boyfriend. Things have not been good and I have still been seeing Him (from university) as often as I can. The most recent one was a couple of days ago. We have both joked about running away, children, marriage, but neither of us has got the guts to do anything. It is so wrong and has made my life so difficult, putting on a brave face for friends and family, pretending that I'm happy all of the time. I don't think I can do it much longer.
One last thing, while all of this was going on in my life, my dad was causing mayhem at home. I was being pushed and pulled between the 2 people that I thought could get through anything and that were truly in love. How wrong can you be. I was like a piece of meat being fought over by 2 animals. They constantly bitched about each other to me, leaving me with no - one to talk to. I found myself being dragged further and further down in to a pit which I can't get out of.
I'm in love with Him, but will not leave my boyfriend for fear of being alone, I resent my father for what he has done, I resent my mother for being callous, there is no - one that I have told this to over the past 4 years, nobody who I felt that I could really trust. I don't know what to do anymore. I cry at the smallest thing, hate things changing at all, but most of all, I can't see the point of going on anymore. I just want these feelings to end. My one savior has been my work, teaching children. caring for others and helping them make the most of their lives makes me feel like I'm doing something worthwhile. I'm not expecting any replies, I just needed someone / thing to listen.
