Hey, I guess this is the place to post this. I don't really know if I'm depressed and if I am I'm not sure how to go about getting help for it so I figured you guys would be able to help me out a bit. For the past year and a bit I've been feeling really out of sorts, pretty down and kind of lost in general. I left school in July 2004 and started a year out before I went to university. That's when I started feeling strange and I put it down to (and still believe it was) just a weird kind of feeling when one leaves school and their life changes forever and it's the beginning of being an adult which is a scary time for anyone. Over the year I'd go through different stages where for a few months I'd feel really positive and enjoy spending time with people and then for a few months I'd feel lonely and sad and not go out with friends for months on end. Then I went to university in September 2005 and felt very very sad. I think it was the shock of leaving home, living away from everyone I'd ever known and also the feeling of being back at school. I knew immediately that I'd made a terrible decision starting university, it wasn't what I wanted to be doing with my life and for the 6 weeks I was there I would stay in bed pretty much all day and not eat much. I think I lost about a stone and a half and even now, 3 months after dropping out and moving back home I'm still half a stone lighter than I was last summer. So now I'm back at home and I've started a job cleaning tables in a cafe where I got on with the people I work with and I'm back in the same city as my girlfriend again and things should be ok but I keep dropping into really low moods.  A few weeks ago I thought that maybe it was depression and so I took some tests on the internet with what seem to be the basic questions. I tried to answer as truthfully as possible, you have to understand that depression is not something I want to have, I've known too many silly teenagers who think that having depression makes them interesting to other people and so they exaggerate emotions to try and look sad to find it appealing. So even though I found myself answering questions that I knew were making me seem depressed I answered the anyway because it was the truth. Things like a lowered libido, I find myself wanting to have sex with my girlfriend far far less frequently than I used to and to be honest a lot of the time when I'm having sex I feel that I'm just going through the motions. My sleeping which has always been a little odd has become increasingly erratic and I've found myself thinking about death a lot. To be honest though I thought that everyone thought about death and dying and that it was natural. I fin myself becoming very easily bored with people and situations and where I once used to enjoy writing stories I can't being myself to do it anymore. The worst thing though is the mood swings I have and the low moods I find myself in quite frequently. When I feel like this I don't want to be around anyone or have anyone talk to me and I can't stop myself thinking about bad things that have happened to me or could happen on a personal level and making myself the centre of blame for them. So am I depressed or is it just, as I'm leaning towards, a natural part of growing up and finding myself in the world of work and adulthood and trying to adjust to it. And if I am depressed how do I stop myself being this way? The thought of going to my doctor and sitting there and saying "I think I'm depressed" doesn't make much sense to me. I've always thought that with problems of that nature you must be told that you're ill and not decide for yourself that you are. Sorry if this has been very long and poorly punctuated, I wrote it all fairly stream of consciously. Any help at all would be very much appreciated, I'm feeling pretty vulnerable and down right now and don't want to feel this way anymore.