I'm new to this forum and actually to the whole talking to people I don't know online thing.  I've been looking around a lot online to find somewhere I can talk, but all the chat rooms and forums say they're about one thing and then you get inside and everything's about sex.  Then I stumbled into this place.  I started reading postings and everyone seems so concerned about everyone even though they have never met these people.

I haven't struggled with depression my whole life or anything like that.  I am only 22 but feel so old.  I am very, very recently separated (let's face it broken up) with my ex-fiance.  We have dated for almost five years and have a son together who will be two on Saturday.  He hasn't treated me the best (never hit or anything physical like that just never around) and he's really not what I want my husband or even the father of my children to act like.  He does have moments of goodness and this is what makes it so hard because why can't he always act like that.  I know he's capable of it.  I told him we should separate but I know he's been thinking it for a long time.  He's been forcing things because of his family and because he feels "respect" and blah blah for me.  I stayed around because he's the father of my child and face it it's hard to find someone new when you're a woman and you already have a kid.  I love him very much and I guess I was just expecting him to wake up one day and say man I need to change or I'm going to lose this great girl.  I wanted to separate because I think that's the only way he's going to realize how good of a girl I am and how good I am for him.  Now I'm scared though that he'll never come to this realization or meet someone else.  He says he's not looking, but let's face it he's a man.  He says he needs at least 6 months to find himself.  It makes it hard on me because we have a son together and for this reason my ex is always coming around and actually now that we're not together we probably see him more. 

I have no family where I live and the last 5 years have been devoted to my ex and son.  I have managed to lose contact with any friends I had and never made any new ones.  I am now completely alone except for my son, which I feel like I can't take good care of because I'm always crying.  I'm a high school teacher and I had to take a couple days off this week because I'm so touchy and can cry if the wrong thought pops up in my head.    It's affecting every part of my life and it's so overwhelming.

I used to be afraid that if we ever split I would end up alone with only one son and no family; now I'm afraid that he'll never come back!  I really just need someone to talk to.
