Where to start.... Well, I guess I'm here because I think I have depression. I did recently talk to a therapist about it a couple of weeks ago. I guess it did some good because I feel like I may have gotten to the root of my problems. She told me that I was depressed and that I have probably had a low grade depression for most of my life. I kind of thought that I was depressed, because when I would read an article about depression with 10 yes or no questions I would usually answer yes to nine of them. The original reason my wife and I went to a counselor in the first place was because my wife was mad about my occasional habit of looking at pornography on the internet. I understand this bothers her and I do not want to do anything that will upset her. I could never give her an acceptable reason why I did it. I really do not know why myself. I do not think that I have an addiction to sex. It does not dominate my thoughts or life by any stretch of the imagination. In fact, I think that I am pretty "tame" compared to most males. Anyway, this causes a lot of strife in my marriage because my wife considers this cheating on her. Well, back to depression. We got to talking about this in counseling and the counselor asked me if I'd ever been molested before. Oh boy. Well, this has always been the big secret part of my life. When I was 6 or 7 years, a female cousin of mine, who was about 4 years older, played some "touching" games with me over the course of 2 summers. It was all just touching, but I knew it was wrong. She would tell me that I could never tell anyone because I would get in trouble. So I didn't, until that therapy session. No, I had never told my wife because I always felt embarrassed and like I was to blame because I did not do anything to stop my cousin. I pretty much told the therapist (and my wife of course), everything that had happened to me. I got REALLY upset and probably cried more than anytime in my adult life. I felt somewhat better after talking, but inside I still feel ashamed and responsible for it. The counselor said that because of those incidences, I have had a low grade depression all these years because of holding it all in. I have ALWAYS had a hard time expressing my feelings about anything to anyone. That's just me. I told the therapist that I could see the low grade depression in my day to day life, but there are times when I feel like there is a huge, massive black cloud on me. I can be doing just about anything when suddenly I have this overwhelming feeling of dread and emptiness. There are times that I feel like if I could wish for my own death at that instant, I would gladly do it. When I don't have those bad lows, I just feel numb. The therapist said I might want to try medication, but I already take two different things for chronic physical conditions, and I really do not want to take anymore drugs. I don't like doing anything that I used to do; reading, sports, movies, etc. I have a teenaged son who is just terrific. He is extremely intelligent and just a great kid. I do not want my "condition" affecting him anymore than it already has. My wife is sometimes supportive, but I think she is tired of my moods. I have not had the porn problems any longer and I feel like I have gotten past that. (The therapist attributed those times of porn weakness to depression and looking for a way out). I feel like since the counseling sessions that the low grade depression has gotten worse. I am glad that I talked about the things that happened and how I've felt, but I really do feel worse than before. Is there anything I can do besides more drugs? I just don't think those are the answer. Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know.