I'm not sure where to start.  I've been diagnosed with PTSD, depression, disassociation, and bipolar.  I'm also a cutter, suicidal, I hear things and see things.  Needless to say I don't deal with stress very well. 

Sorry this isn't a good introduction; but I really do need some help.

I'm a college student only because the VA (veterans Affairs) is paying for it through their vocational - rehabilitation program.  I'm unemployed.  For 3 months I've been fighting with social services just to get food stamps.  I finally got them.  Beforehand food was scarce.  I've had eviction notices and by miracles my roommate and I manage to get just enough money to not get evicted at the last minute.  I've missed class and 2 therapy and other doctor appointments because I haven't had the gas money to get there.  I apply for jobs every day, but I have absolutely no luck getting a job.

So with all this any normal person would become naturally depressed.  But me, I'm losing my mind.  I can be happy and laughing and goofing off with my boyfriend one minute; but the next I'm kicking and hitting and seriously hurting him.  Then we end up in some stupid argument where all I say is shut up or go away, or whatever.   I just don't want to hear it. 

I know missing my therapy appointments hasn't helped.  I do have a psychiatrist appointment in 2 weeks and a therapy appointment in 3 weeks.  But I need some help now. 

I've lost all my motivation to do anything.  I've been in bed today for 17 hours and I just feel so angry.  Angry and fearful.  The only thing is that I don't know what I'm angry and fearful about. 

My mood shifts so quickly and swiftly that I've lost complete control of who or what I am.  The more I try to relax the Angrier and more fearful I get.  It's like I have to stay occupied just to keep my mind occupied and keep it from traveling a million miles a second.

I just need to get back on the semi - sane track.  Right now I'm a million light years from there.
