... being that I don't know anyone here yet, but I feel like I am about to boil out of my skin if I don't get some of this out.

Last week I left the house for the first time in nearly a month and saw my doctor about the state of my head. It was the hardest thing I have ever done (that didn't involve burying a loved one) as I was brought up to believe that one shouldn't talk about one's feelings with other people. Although the sawbones made all the right noises I don't know if he even believes me. I don't know if seeing him was the right thing to do because since walking out of his surgery all I have had is deeper anxiety, more guilt, and a feeling of total and utter desperation - I think it's actually a little worse than before. I feel like this is not going to get any better, ever. I'm scared ... I don't know how this is going to end up for me. I can't see a way out. I have been depressed for a very long time but since losing my job a little while ago I have hit the proverbial bottom. I have suffered from anxiety for many years but recently it has been getting worse - I had my first panic attack last year. It doesn't matter what I try to do to stop it, all I can think about is death, pain, more death, failure, and yet more death. I have been having horrible nightmares for months (and haven't slept properly since my teens).
Long story short  (ish): when I was little the Infamous They told my parents I was 'gifted'. They had high hopes for me. I won a scholarship to a good private school, where the other little girls made fun of me. Then the scholarship ran out and I had to go to a state school. Where the other little children made fun of me, spat at me, physically attacked me and eventually my parents had to take me out of school altogether. They found a better one, where the other kids continued to make my life hell. When I was about 12 or 13  I started self harming (cutting my arms with broken light bulb glass). My mother noticed once, shouted at me, and then never raised the subject again. I continued to do it until I was about 17. My dad bullied me when I was a kid; basically he subjected me to about 15 years of mingled disinterest, public humiliation, and emotional abuse. Then he did a disappearing act three years ago - leaving my mother in financial trouble. I have not heard from him since. I have wasted my life. Nothing I have ever attempted has succeeded - really nothing, and I have never been able to please the people I was trying to please. I used to think I was a talented artist (wanted to be a comic - book artist) but now I have no self - belief left. I haven't picked up a pencil in weeks and I can't even bear to look at any of my work. I can't do anything anymore and there is nobody I can talk to - my mother is my only close family and she doesn't believe in mental illness (if I mentioned it to her she would, at best, get angry and tell me to grow up / stop being so self indulgent). I have two close friends who have their own problems to deal with.
I'm seeing the doctor again on Monday but I fail to see what he can do to fix the fact that I am a useless failure. I am so scared and confused. I have been crying for about a week now and it's getting really tiring. I'm scared that maybe what I think is depression is really just an excuse to attempt to explain my pathetic behavior, that I am really a hypochondriac (my anxiety is now constant and I have convinced myself I am going to die any minute from any terminal illness you'd care to name) and I'm wasting the doc's time & resources. He offered me sleeping pills but I said no as I was afraid to have such things in the house.
Basically, not a good week. Sorry to vent like this but I had to get it out  ...  sorry for being so selfish.
