We were all given about five minutes to decipher what the fuck this meant. Now, Mr. Runge had a reputation for being a tough teacher. He wouldn't let you get away with ANYTHING. If you fell asleep in his class because you were out all night in some cornfield with a bonfire and a bottle of Jack, he'd kick your desk in such a way that your head would fly upward at warp speed and your hangover would instantly get very very bad, and then suddenly disappear. Mr. Runge had some freaky special power that students couldn't tap into. I knew what the acronym stood for. But that's only because my high school boyfriend was a year ahead of me and gave me a heads up on how the first day with the Jolly Green Giant would play out. "He's going to write this on the board, make you feel incredibly stupid and then it will be over." TINSTAAFL, pronounced TinStaffel. There Is No Such Thing As A Free Lunch. Runge went on to explain that "free" didn't exist. The "free" lunches at college tours were paid for when your parents registered you were charged a "service" fee. Or, more on my level, Clinique never REALLY has a "Free Gift with Purchase". Because, you see...you have to make the purchase, dumb ass! And they over charge every other product just enough so that you're really paying for your "free" gift. This burst my bubble. Because now, whenever I take something marketed as free, I know I'm paying some sort of overhead or some poor schmuck is working extra hard so that I can get 2.5 ounces more of my favorite shampoo for the price of the regular size! You would think that I would have held on to this knowledge while looking for apartments. While scanning the ads, I bypassed the ones that used words like "full of character", because I knew that meant dump and "TLC needed", because I knew that meant dump. The one I honed in on boasted country living, quiet, serene, pond, lots o' land and everything included! I love where I live. I can't say it enough. If I didn't think raccoons would eat me at this hour, I'd jump on top of the roof and scream to the surrounding hills "I love you and all your coniferous smells and the creatures you shelter!" (Yeah, apparently the rooftop would make me a tad wordy.) My landlords are awesome people. Salt of the earth. Nice, down-home, trusting folk. And, as the contract for country people reads, "Coon Hounds Must Be Owned and Bred". I had never seen a breed of this type until I moved here. The momma dog was so sweet and gentle and quiet. She was quite the fatty too! Then suddenly she wasn't. And in her pen were ten little squeaky pups, eyes shut tight, blindly falling into food and water dishes, only to be rescued by momma. Cute, no? Who doesn't love puppies?? (If you bring Jackson up, I'll have to cut you.) It's been about month. Puppies have found their voices. All ten of them. And even the momma is begging for a release. Tigger is in the window, constantly doing a head count to make sure everyone is in their place and not a single one wanders off into oblivion. He's exhausted. Momma is exhausted because at night she performs a constant howl that cracks my heart. She's begging to be released from those needy fucking kids for at least ONE night of respite. And I'm exhausted. Because momma won't shut up and deal with her fate and every time a puppy so much as peeps, gaymancat is all over my head doing a get-up-because-they-might-run-into-traffic-and-get-hit-by-one-of-the-four-cars-that-pass-by-here-at-night dance. So I get up. I get a drink. And the howling stops. And Tigger falls asleep in my space on the bed. Yeah...a great apartment, a story book front/back yard, nice landlords, cute puppies and SLEEPLESS NIGHTS. All included!