Well, a little update then. For those who don't know me that well yet, (which is everybody I suppose) I'm the 20 (almost 21) year old that chose to take a break from school, due to pff what'll it be? Anxiety, depression, health problems regarding sleep/energy. I tried it again at some point, but after 2 weeks found myself to be, not cured yet. I figured it had to end, so I went looking for help. Social worker, well that's all nice and stuff, but not too helpful. Then the official psychiatrists. Well let's pick up from there; the first one, in the Adolescents department directed me to another shrink after the first intake meeting, my help question; not sure. But something was keeping me from being able to fit in the system. I also had concentration problems but she didn't want to dig into that. So this new shrink, on a different department, made me fill in some forms and we had some talks (2) and well, apparently the concentration problem IS a big issue and causing a lot of damage as well as my past (divorced parents, being bullied all my life etc etc.) Okay fine, so I says; maybe I need something to help me sleep? And she suggested I go see my house doctor and ask for sleeping medicines. Which I got, and used for two weeks now and ...nothing. Well, the first 2 days were good, the 2 after that were less good, and I don't even remember the ones after that. I woke up automatically, and sometimes sleep was okay. But after 2 weeks I'm still SO tired everyday, it's killing me. I try and keep up a new rhythm, but it's so exhausting and I feel like doing all sorts of happy things but I just don't have the energy and then I go do it anyway and I end up so hurt and tired. Now, I can't take the medicines for more than two weeks, so today was going to be my last. Well, I sort of should have read the booklet I got with it before use. It said I shouldn't take them EVERY day but every other day, and like I don't know, it says it builds up and stays in your body. Well, I'm fine don't worry. They warned about some side effects, but I seem to have been okay. However, the side effects include ALL the things I already suffered from BEFORE even taking the darn medicines!!! So it's been a complete and utter waste. This one day, I tried sleeping without medicines, and I just couldn't...just, can't fall asleep. So yeah, I had that talk with yet another shrink today, and now he wants me to see some other person. And he thinks I SHOULDN'T take sleeping medicines. So like, ARGH, people keep telling me opposite things, and now they want me to see this person, who'll help me fill in my days and get organized??? That's all cool and well and all, but I got there myself already. I figured it all out before I even started seeing these "professionals" and now they're telling me what I already came up with on my own??? It's another 3 week wait. And I don't know anymore. I'm confused about all this, and beginning to think it's been a huge mistake in the first place. And now that it's Spring again, I'm feeling sort of happy. So depression is still here, but, I don't notice it much...or do I? I'm still feeling so alone and my family still doesn't get me...I just want out, I just want to be away from here, which brings us back to the original problem. I'm so annoyed, and after this, today is just going to be another day that I just don't do anything useful... Sure I want to go back to school, but it takes time...I have some time, then again I don't... I had so many plans, and ARGH this sleeping problem, which is going to be my main focus now, is just so darn annoying. I could listen to countless pieces of advice, but in the end, it's just no good to me... Even the stupid sleeping medicines don't work...And every time I go see a shrink about one problem, they point me to someone else, and then another problem bothers me and they send me back but that still didn't fix my first problem. I'm like, fine I'll go fix this darn problem myself then. (I really feel like cursing, but I won't because it's not proper so I'll release some rage when I'm done here, but just know that I'm really upset and annoyed). After all, it was me who had to fix everything all my life right? So I might as well start now... haha such a laugh, I'll procrastinate till the day I die... So very tired. I can't do a thing... ugh, I'm so sick of it. I want to go sleep now, but I just know I'll wake up late in the evening and won't be able to sleep tonight. Such a drag... too young to be broken already...