
I am so very angry. It is eating me up. I am sick of it. It is not healthy. It costs me a lot.
Yet even this makes me angry! rrARGGG! I feel like the female version of the Hulk.

Do you know how it feels to go through the cycles of feeling nuts / alone to gaining a semblance of normalcy?
Well, that makes me angry.
I get angry when I start to get happy. I get angry when I start to feel sad. I get angry when someone shows me love. I get angry when things go well. I get angry when things don't go well.
I get angry, I get angry, I get angry.

This weekend I had this clear clear vision. I was immediately present for the first time in a long time. I felt, I breathed, I listened, I laughed. I saw. And I got very very angry.

I do not belong where I am. I do not belong. I screwed up, I fell asleep, I got depressed; and now Look at all that has changed! Nothing is the same; and I feel like I have traveled through a million miles of time in one short weekend.

This is all too much. Who the hell am I? How did I get here? What am I going to do now? Shit!!

All this time I believed I could do it alone. All this time I tried to be strong. All this time I tried to put others before myself; no matter what the cost.
Now I am alone. I am like a ghost of myself. When I speak, what comes out is all wrong. I am nothing like I used to be. I am scared, I am torn, and I am alone.

My old friend looks to me: you're so great. You are here for me and you are strong.
Blah blah blah ....... in reality we are just too lost souls traveling the highways alone. If I see you, I see you.
But you aren't going be there for my funeral. You'll probably not even know when and where it is. You'll sleep through it and read about in the newspaper or some shit. You'll cry to the person next to you, and that will be that.

Family looks at me and says "oh we love you so much. You are so strong and what? Are you going through creative or man pains again?"
Gee, I love you too. But you are not the answer. WE are just traveling the highways alone.
You keep looking for the answer. I know there aren't no answer. We are alone: wine song and comforting arms and all.

I am angry because I know this journey is mine and I am not doing so hot. I get disorientated, I get distracted, I screw up. And you know what?! That's ok.

thanks; I needed a good angry rant :) Maybe there is someone out there who doesn't find this completely insane. If I don't speak it, it will stay inside and explode in some other form.
