'I promised I'd post regarding what I perceived to be a meltdown.
As previously posted, I told all y'all that I'd been taking Neurontin.
Since it wasn't prescribed for seizures but for sleep, insurance would no longer cover it because they said it didn't fit into the category of antidepressants or psychotropics, and so on and so forth. All red tape.

So, the Neurontin was stopped, through no fault of my own.
Well, this disturbed my therapist.
So, after almost 6 weeks off of the Neurontin, during which each week I seemed to be going more off the deep end. Meaning, I couldn't sleep, eat, had the shakes, horrific mood swings, unable to think positive about myself, and piggyback panic attacks and I subsequently was going off on some crying gig, etc.

So, on the 22nd when I saw my doctor she said with everything I was describing, that indeed I was having withdrawals. Like Duh, I already knew that. It seems the combination of the meds I was on was balancing me out and the mere change in the medicine did in fact change the way the other meds worked, or didn't work.
Since I'm so hypersensitive to just about every medication, (it took forever to find the right medications and dosages to keep me on the straight and narrow) the doctor said she'd like for me to go back to the psychiatrist that originally prescribed the medications and see if they'd try another antidepressant.
Another one? That didn't set well with me and I guess I was at the end of my rope.
I broke down and ended up staying at the doctor's office for almost two hours while they had to give me a pill to calm me down.
I felt so vulnerable and of course in my state of mind I perceived this as another crisis. I also felt extremely 'stupid' for breaking down that way.
That is why I said I had a "meltdown."

There wasn't much I could physically do on Thursday, but, I knew I had to come back to earth. After calming down, thanks to their "cocktail pill", which I didn't ask its name. I agreed to see the psychiatrist. What choice did I have. I think the crying episode happened because I remembered all the bad events that happened while they were trying to find the right meds that would balance me out.
It's scary. Of course while I was at the doctor's, I kept asking stupid questions like, "why do I have to be on anything?"

Is that denial or what?

So, to cut this short. I'll be going to the psychiatrist as soon as they can fit me in.

But I need some help.
I'm asking any of my friends here to give me any input you want. I've been doing pretty good the last couple of days doing the cognitive thinking and just staying busy. It's the down time that's unsettling. And obviously, if you see the time this is being posted, you know I'm not sleeping much.
I am thinking positive.
My doctor called me Friday to check on me. That was surprising. A doctor really calling back. So, seeing how she's my 'new' doctor, maybe we'll be compatible after all.

Thanks for taking the time to read this and for anything you'd like to add to help.

I really appreciate all of you and the joy I receive from reading and writing to you all means a lot to me. Your kindness means so much.
