What am I afraid of? That is an interesting and deadly question. If analyzed too casually it can pull you into a never-ending pit of distain for oneself – if your mind is agreeable to self-distain. My mind, it seems, has always been agreeable to self-doubt and self-deprecation. I, it must be pointed out, am not fond of such thinking and countless hours, days, weeks, in fact years have been spent struggling against this susceptibility in my mind to dwindle everything down to its most melancholy conclusion. It is not a trait I accept or a trait I allow, but is merely the default setting of my mind. To avoid this thinking is to fight against one's natural order. Is this true? I have often hoped not – and certainly many have theorized that this could change with much effort and self-improvement. Ah, yet it is a tricky beast, this black hole that sucks the energy in my mind, even the positive thought can be twisted and turned into something ugly – a sort of distorted, aching false happiness that becomes as detrimental as the illness it is meant to cure. Our lady of perpetual doubt thrives in false hope. Yet, without hope men like me do not survive. Without hope to succeed is hopeless. And although success hasn't been abundant in my life, the little that can be found in its history was certainly built on a foundation of hope and moderate self-belief. This is gobbledygook, mental masturbation, which has no readership value in the least. I am just spouting thoughts, but some of those thoughts have an eerie connection with the truth of the last 17-and-a-half years. Oh, if I could only breath the air that filled my lungs the days before my brain melted down. I know life felt differently. I wasn't the happiest of children – maybe already bent towards self-destruction or depression – but I breathed freer air. Life definitely had a different feeling, a different perception. It was much different. For a while, as a teenager, I could still recall how that felt. Not in feeling, but in memory. Now the memory is all but completely lost. All I know now is that it changed when I was 13, and despite all my growth and lifting out of this disease – it was never meant to return, that freedom. Funny, how I thought when I was 13. Despite the pain, I thought it would be all over soon. I remember thinking that in a couple years I wouldn't even remember the putrid mental stink that was skewing my vision of the world around me. I would get over it. Something would happen and this dark pit would be left behind and forgotten. The dark pit is still here. I am managing, better than most I imagine, but the horrid thing is still here. I am not sure if it ever could truly lose itself. Just its memory could insight its existence. I would have been better if it had not been born at all. Too late, it is a part of me now. A part of my history – a part of my present. My unwelcome capture.