During my high school years I was always a little "klooster" never went out that much never did anything bad ..... When I left school I moved to Johannesburg and from there moved to my mom in Mpumalanga, South Africa, a day before my 21st birthday I got raped ..... the most terrible feeling ever, I was not wearing any revealing clothes, had jeans a t-shirt and tekkies on, how do you explain this. I always believed that those girls, wearing the most revealing clothes are the ones that ask for it, but do they really?  I can not see how any one can ask for this, it is the worst thing that can ever happen to you.  A few months thereafter I had to have an abortion due to the fact that I could not keep the baby ...... I was way too young, I never and still up until date, don't believe in this type thing, but now I think?  Was it the right thing to do, will you ever be able to face the child the same way you will face a child born into a happy and wonderful marriage? I also suffer from depression, high blood pressure and all those wonderful things, I got married in December 2005 and due to me and my fiance having a big argument with my dad, he never walked me down the aisle on my big day and me and my husband had to pay for the whole wedding, I feel awful, but the things my dad said and done can never be forgiven.  My stepsister had a baby at the end of December and she is getting married now in April 2006, guess who is doing and paying for her wedding .....

I feel sick, sick of people always walking over me, always stuffing it in my face and my frustration gets taken out on the wrong people, my husband is the one getting it?  I battle to have healthy sex, due to the fact that every time I close my eyes, I see this person on top of me, forcing himself in, I feel guilty to have kids, how can I have more, if I killed one? How can I bring up a family if my own family is up to shit ....

I often find myself wondering why? Why me, why am I the one crying myself to sleep, why do I have to keep myself in tone, to prevent a stroke, especially at my young age??
