Hi, sorry if this turns into a lengthy post, but I could do with some advice, and I think this is probably the best place to ask. Firstly, I should point out, I am a 19 year male. My problem is that I am concerned by the physical effects the depression is having on me. I have probably been suffering from depression for several years, but I only sought medical help last November after I had a breakdown. The doctor has prescribed me with Fluoxetine, and I am taking 40mg per day. I originally started off on 20mg per day, but after I told the doctor what I will tell you now, about 2 months ago, he "upgraded" my status to severe depression, hence the increase in dosage. I can appreciate that my mindset is slightly biased towards feeling negative, and expecting the worst, but nevertheless I can't help but feel my symptoms might be the result of an even more serious problem. The medication has helped my mind (even though I still have plenty of lows, they aren't always as severe as they were 6 months ago), yet my physical health is deteriorating to the point where that's the main factor preventing me from accomplishing day to day tasks. My symptoms are as follows (and they may be generalized, I'll admit): Constant fatigue, even after plenty of rest; constant aching throughout the body; generally feeling very weak, lacking energy and strength, e.g. carrying shopping home can leave my arms in agony; loss of coordination, I have become very clumsy, always knocking glasses over, or dropping things for no reason; occasional loss of balance, usually when getting up, or starting to walk from a stand still; joints are feeling slightly stiff, they still move, but I can feel more resistance than normal and they get very tired very quick if was to use them, or even just hold my arms straight out in front of me; and for me, the worst symptom is an almost constant tremor in both hands and arms, which sometimes spreads throughout the body. If I attempt slow, fine movements with my hands, the tremor becomes very clear and results in jerky movements. Also, I like to exercise, yet after all exercises, even low intensity ones, the trembling seems to intensify. I doubt it is anxiety, as I still shake when I am calm, relaxed and immobile. I know I can't expect I diagnosis, but I would appreciate it if anyone can tell me if the severity of the physical effects I am experiencing, is quite common, even when the mental state is much more relaxed and beginning to recover? Thanks for any help