What a great topic!! The news always makes me cry - and I end up turning it off shortly after I start watching it - why do I punish myself? My parents know that I have learned to not watch the news because of the negative effect it has on me, so if something really important is going on, they let me know. My Aunt suffers from chronic depression and delusion, and I've had numerous conversations with her on how to handle the depression because she's tried so many different things, even going to Mexico to see a Shaman. Her top 3 suggestions (and I really go by them as much as I possibly can) are: 1) Get proper sleep - this is probably the most paramount point; 2) get proper nutrition; and 3) don't watch the news. The one thing that I absolutely cannot tolerate is sad news about animals - that really sends me. When I'm flipping thru channels and happen upon Animal Planet and the Animal Police are busting people because of their cruelty - I have to turn it immediately. I think I'm delusional too in that I choose not to watch the news, animal stories, anything really unpleasant - I guess I try to live in my little world without negativity or sadness. I know that it isn't very mature or adult, but this is my coping mechanism. I do find that when I hear or see anything sad or awful that my negativity really gets into gear, and then I'm completely negative for awhile. Driving is also incredibly difficult because I commute into Washington D.C. from the suburbs and traffic is awful. I become so negative about the other drivers around me that I end up hating myself over my thoughts about them! They, of course, drive too slow and are idiots. I need to find a job close to home! I too have sometimes felt that the human race needs to think about not populating the world anymore. I wouldn't want to raise a small child in this environment any more! I'm glad my son is in college and he's the only one that I could have. But then again, I can't wait until my sister or brother has kids so that I can be with them and spoil them rotten. Crazy isn't it? I have taken others suggestions in this thread and have tried to make myself think positively the last 2 days. It's difficult but possible! I notice that my mood has brightened somewhat too. Thanks to you all for this thread, as I think it really can help!