i am a 16 year old. i think i am depressed, but i don't know how to tell. um...it is like i am afraid to tell my parents because i know them, they will brush it off as no big deal or make me sit down and tell them what is going on. Did they ever think that i don't want to talk to them? My mother is like a roller coaster ride you cannot wait to get off of. One day she could care less that i am sick, or that i need to tell her something, and then the next day she is all, talk to me, tell me what is going on. God it can be so annoying. i know that i have a problem with my emotions, i just can't seem to control them, when i am upset, stressed, angry, sad. There are always three things that i do. First i cry, then i scream, then i run to my room, and sometimes i might knock something down. And that gets me another, what is going on talk. Two years ago my grandma died. We weren't that close and i think that is part of my problem. every time i try to go to sleep i just lay there and think about my life, and realize, there isn't that one person, you know, everyone has one, that one person that you can just call up and say, "hey, i am in a bad mood, can you talk..." or "hey i just got in another stupid fight with my mom, do you have time to talk to me..." and maybe that is what is wrong with me, i don't have someone to vent to so i keep it all inside. i mean i try and find ways to let my anger and frustration out like, i am a poet, sort of. Everyone tells me i am at least, but what they don't seem to understand is that maybe i am a good poet because i have nowhere else to let all of this out. No one can see that, no one can see that i need someone to talk to. i try and talk to my mom, but she is so busy, and that is not her fault, it isn't like she is ignoring me on purpose, she has school, she has work, she has my brother's wrestling match, she has a meeting. then i try and talk to my friends, and i know that they would listen and they would try and understand, but i don't know, i just don't feel as though they need all of my crap on their shoulders, not that you do either, who ever is still reading this. i guess it is that sometimes, i feel ignored. i turned sixteen this year. Happy Sweet Sixteen...right? i wanted to have a party, i wanted to go out and have a good time. But that didn't exactly work out the way i had planned. At first i thought that my friends had forgotten about me, no call on my birthday, no card. And then they threw me a surprise party, nothing big and fancy, just small, just the four of us, the way we like it, but still it felt weird, it just didn't feel right. i am supposed to be driving, i have my temporary permit, i have had them since October, you know how much i have driven, about one hour. i could have gotten my license last month, but i cannot go to driving school until i get more experience, and i can't get more experience until one of my parents decides to let me drive. They used to take my brother out all the time, they would let him drive everywhere. i don't know, i just feel like sometimes being the middle child and the only girl i get ignored. i am a cutter. i tried to tell my parents three times that i was a cutter and i wanted to stop. i couldn't tell them in words so i wrote them a letter, they never read it. you probably think i am some selfish person, but i just have been holding all of this inside of me for three months now and there is more down inside of me, i just need to slowly let it out. Sorry if this took up to much of your time. Thank you for listening to me...it feels nice to know that maybe there is someone out there listening.