I'm so mad at myself.  Angry more like it.  I truly hate myself right now.  My wife and I are currently separated, and it's all my fault.  I know, I know, 'don't blame yourself'.  Well, the truth is that it is all my fault this time.  I did some pretty terrible things to my wife and family to make them leave. 

I also opened my mouth when I should have just kept it shut.  I said some pretty stupid things over the past year plus.  I had become some sort of monster, and didn't know what to do.  When it got found out about, I told my wife that I wanted her to take the kids and get away from me.  Why did I do that?  I love my wife very much, and don't want to lose her.  I just don't know how to express that to her.

I'm so angry that I just want to hurt myself.  I don't care how or what happens.  I want things to go back to the way they were before I started having my problems.  I just want to shout and hit something or someone. 

I wish someone could help me.  I am seeing a therapist, but I don't know if it is helping.  My mind is still a jumbled up mess.  My life is even worse, and I don't know what to do to make it better. 

I feel so down and out of it.  I can't sleep, I don't want to stay awake.  I don't feel like eating at all.  I just don't think I care much any more.  What good will it do to get my life straightened out if I don't have anyone to share my new life with. 

I've been so unhappy and depressed for so long, I'm not sure I even remember how to be happy.  Why do I feel this way all the time?  I'm so unhappy all the time that my wife thinks that it is her that I am unhappy with.  Honestly, I don't know any more.  What's wrong with me?

I see all these happy couples walking around, and here all these happy Christmas carols being played on the radio, and I get very jealous.  Why can't I be happy like that?  Why couldn't I be happy with what I had?  I had everything that I ever wanted, a loving, beautiful wife, two great kids, and one more on the way.  I should have been the happiest man in the world.  Instead, I screwed it all up and lost everything that I held dear to me.  What kind of idiot does something like that?

I just needed to rant a little.  Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.  I just don't know what to do now.
