this is so stupid, i have gone over and over same old ranting around for years!

 i could cheerfully pack my bags and walk out on my three kids - and ex partner, and all the grief, i know i could, yet i know deep down, i don't REALLY want to leave any of them, & couldn't  because the pain and hurt that deep, i put up with the shit because i love them all, i'd do anything i could for any of them,  and by god they ALL know it!

 - try not to maybe, but all take advantage of it ! i love all of them way too much - it scares me i could be that cold, i can be hard, and nasty, but i CHOOSE not to be like that, because i don't like it. ( although post menstrual week apparently i am hell ! )

i ought to be on meds! i can't bring myself to take them, i try, i know i should, it just might help, i know I'm tense- but honest to god! - being told off, by my son, slagged off, hurt time and time have to constantly break down, ok i suppose in fairness my ex apologizes when it's appropriate to do so, - some times apologies just don't stop it, I'm hell to live with for every one around me, i fall out with people all the time, there's never any peace in the house, people come go & ring at all hours, i want to " be there " for everyone, lol - like I'm so helpful, because then next time it's  , when they need something, they know they'll get it- because how can i not help? and I'm christian, albeit a bad one i expect!

also if they make me drowsy, and aid sleep - that's great,- until son comes home drunk ! ( not loads but maybe once / twice a week, maybe not at all - always when you least expect it though!) / teenagers come round and party, (they are very considerate for teeny boppers may i add and respectful of being able to come back  watching films and drinking / music reasonable 12 / 1 latest - but i wait up for my lad who usually does the walking others back safe bit) also my little girl is adhd, and up very early, i average 4 hours a night - this is also part stress. - every morning i wake to kids fighting, shouting, aruguing. despite fact they meant to stay in own rooms. if I'm not up, it will continue until someone gets hurt, so no lies there! lol

my only babysitters are my ex or my son. i have no other close family.  apart from my dad who lives quite a distance away and is quite elderly, not too great with his mobility.

self confidence is non-existent, i can find loads of reasons for being used, none for being LIKED. as a person.  my son is joining the forces, and on the back of the past few months - it's feeling for me and him like prolonged grief. - we've talked, we both know it'll be hard, it's always been us two against the world as he put it, but yet we still lash out at each other, with the lashing out from all angles ( obviously by me mainly, as it appears to be my hang ups causing all  i REALLY don't know what to do. counseling still not started , i stopped relate, as things are  so hot / cold cold  / warm and communication so awkward - i genuinely thought when i was told forget it that was the case - then boyfriend girlfriend on quite, then hell because of me again, now god only knows but even being considerately polite is a struggle, and humor gone - so is pleasure in anything i do.  - my head is very literally all over the place, i can't get one "clear" thing to latch to as such, if that makes any sense?

i have had kids since young n 17 / 18 - never learnt to drive / swim never traveled, never held a career. even study for a year was a nightmare ( i did pass despite a divorce though: english gcse & art acess - lol )

just sick of fighting it out every day, trying to get kids to see why food meant to last a week! silly stuff - every day.  have such a headache trying to map out life so everyone can be content and fulfilled, and feel like for all those i love try  to show  affection, that it comes just before the knife or behind to heal the wound.
