I don't particularly want to go into details about how I've been feeling the past couple of years, only because it's too much for me to go into, and I don't want to leave out important details or anything. In September 2005, I voluntarily admitted myself to the hospital's psych ward through my psychiatrist, the reason being because my depression had grown so severe that my muscles gave out and I couldn't move anymore, and my will to live had vanished entirely, I stopped eating, I was dehydrated, I stopped going to school, all I did was lay in bed all day, it's the only thing I could do. The decision to go to the hospital turned out to be a very, very big mistake, and I regret making that choice. I felt no connection with the other kids there, especially because I was a week away from turning eighteen, and most of them were thirteen, fourteen, and maybe one or two sixteen year olds. We were similar in an emotional aspect, but otherwise I couldn't relate to any of them. I just bored them, and the way they talked and the things they talked about just confused me. I did get involved with them to an extent during the last couple of days there, but I regret that now. This is a story in itself, but I also got involved with a girl there. She fell in love with me, and so did I fall in love with her, briefly. Only because a girl had never shown any attraction to me before, nor did a girl ever show any interest in me like she did. My feelings for her quickly faded after talking to her a couple of times outside the hospital. She turned out to be a real mess of a person. I did not suffer from the relationship, though. I do not talk to her anymore, and I actually became a better person because of it - I was enlightened. My depression practically disappeared following my discharge from the hospital. I don't know if it was because of the Zoloft that I had begun taking, or because I was finally free from that prison. By the way, I do have a form of claustrophobia. I am not particularly afraid of being in narrow or tight spaces... I am afraid of being locked in narrow or tight spaces. And the hospital was very small, and they did not let you leave or go where you wanted. You were confined to your room, the main recreation room, and the hallway connecting those two places. The day before I was discharged, I was constantly shaking, sweating, and going to the bathroom. I couldn't sleep, and I was afraid to move. I had to stay in my room most of the time and skip out on the group sessions. So anyway, even though I felt better right after getting out of the hospital, that quickly, VERY quickly changed. By mid-late October, I was on home-schooling (and will be until I graduate in June this year, I am a Senior in High School), and attending group therapy several days a week, as well as seeing a psychologist once a week and a psychiatrist every several weeks. All of this therapy did NOT help me. I was feeling extremely depressed and suicidal one night, after a brief fight with my dad (I accidentally bumped the curb while parking, he yelled at me to watch the curb, and I got very upset, pulled the parking break, and walked off while screaming about slitting my throat...), and called one of the therapists at my group therapy to help me. I'd locked myself in a room in my grandmother's basement, and I had called her so she could talk with me and help me to relax. Instead, she threatened to call the police if I didn't open the door and let my dad in. So I opened it, but after that I completely lost my trust in her and couldn't stand being around her anymore. Another counselor at the group therapy also lost my trust. I felt a connection with him, and trusted him a lot, so I told him about my girlfriend (whom I had met online - another story) and he kept on accusing me of things... like using her for sex, or not really being in love, and etcetera. So after having lost trust in two therapists, and then all sorts of insurance problems came up. I stopped going. A few weeks ago, I stopped going to my psychologist as well. I felt like I was being lectured by him instead of actually helped... On top of that, he was taking weekly co-pay from me while he knew my insurance did not require co-pay for anything psychological! (i.e. Counselors, psychologists, psychiatrists, etc.) And he still owes me a couple hundred bucks. He also charged my insurance for appointments I had cancelled. Basically, I took two steps forward, and then three steps back. My depression is not as bad as it was in September 2004, but I am pretty much tired of living. I am constantly thinking of suicide, and have even written brief suicide notes and made plans (which I never carried out). My Zoloft has been at 150mg for the past couple of months. It's helped my social anxiety slightly, but my depression - no. I am aware of the state that I am in, and I am simply tired of it. My future is all dark, I don't see things getting better. When I spoke with my girlfriend this weekend, I cried the entire night...  I just couldn't take everything anymore. I saw a new psychologist last week, but again, I feel like I'm being lectured. I am eighteen years old, and being talked to as if I were twelve. It's insulting and makes me feel even more left out of things than I already do. I don't know. 