As expected, I lay awake for most of the night worrying about that bloody box! No such worries today though... £8,500... "Deal"! That program really is terrific... must have been a real mastermind that thought it up... no doubt it was devised by one of those geniuses who is a member of Mencap. Anyway, you may be wondering how my trip to the shrink went this morning. Well, as ever, a bit of a disappointment (well I am here to moan you know!). Those of you who think that you lie down on a couch at the trick cyclists should dispel any illusions about reclining on a sumptuous Chesterfield sofa (unless you're going private). Not on the NHS I'm afraid. Mrs. Mo and I get to sit on wee NHS chairs around a coffee table. Well I say "coffee" table, as it is a small, low table covered with a brown Fablon veneer, but it has never held coffee on it as far as I am aware. The psychiatrist is a nice bloke though. We shall call him Dr Elton... not because he is profoundly superficial, childish and sulky, nor does he have an eternally patient partner called Mr. Furnish. No we shall call him Dr Elton because he bears a striking resemblance to Ben Elton... (even the gestures are spot on!) I always expect him to make a grand entrance in a sparkling diamante suit, holding a microphone and spouting swear words and political satire. However, he is usually markedly restrained. I still hang on the edge of my seat during the session, expecting some Freudo/Eltonian analysis "Do you ever dream about showing Mrs. Thatch your fun sized Mars bar? you do, don't you, you snotty little shit" but Dr Elton usually just asks me how my mood has been. Strangely enough, my GP is also a look alike, his double is Michael Portillo. Whatever complaint I presented to my old GP, whether it was an ingrown toenail or appendicitis, he would invariably respond "Stop smoking and get back to the gym". Dr Portillo however, responds to any complaint with "Stop immigration and get back to Victorian values". I also recently saw a psychologist who looked like Paul Robertson. But you probably won't know Paul unless you were in 3rd year in my school back in 1975. He sat behind me in physics... alopecia... furry pencil case... specs... no? never mind. (If you're reading this Paul.. hi!... sorry about calling you Kojak). Well that's enough about my celebrity medical staff. You're no doubt desperate to know how I got on at B&Q. Well, I hung around outside until the store was nice and quiet and then slunked (can i say slunked, as in slunk in?) in. I nearly went to the Customer Service desk but it was manned, as ever, by a very sad looking woman who looked as though she had just ran over a puppy and due to her guilt was avoiding eye contact with everyone. Not wishing to exacerbate her canicidal shame, I carried on to the kitchens department (she also looked like she would kill anyone who went within 3 feet of her and she was dangerously close to the power tools). The nice helpful lady in the Kitchens department was nowhere to be seen, so I reluctantly approached a uniformed youth who was gazing up at the ceiling in what appeared to be a catatonic state. I tested his waxy flexibility by arranging his limbs in a variety of postures and sure enough he remained motionless in whatever position I placed him. I explained my dilemma with the missing oven light and led him to a similar oven which was on display. I removed the light fittings and explained it would save a lot of hassle if I could just take these rather than order replacement parts. He raised an eyebrow at this point which I interpreted as "That's an excellent idea sir, please take these and go home". I pocketed the parts and left, after carefully positioning the salesman back where I had found him.