Hi. I'm new, and I'm not really sure where to start in the forums! I've been treated for depression since I was 17 years old, and then misdiagnosed with ADD when I was 17 and that started a downward spiral with abusing Ritalin (snorting about 5-10 times my dosage) for about 5 years. That's over with. I battled with anorexia as a direct result of the Ritalin, and got down to 95 lbs. Then I ballooned up to 185 lbs. I lost 45 lbs. a few years ago and I've kept it off ever since (I've never gone above 144). I've been on Prozac since I was 17, and just recently switched to Cymbalta at the suggestion of my psychiatrist. I felt funny on it, and committed the ultimate sin: I stopped taking my medicines a week ago. I know that's bad. The last two days have been a nightmare, and I even contemplated swallowing a bottle of pills at one point. My fiance is the most amazing person in the world, and I'm literally killing him with my sickness. I don't know what to do. I've been hysterically crying and inconsolable for about a week. Yesterday my fiance called the psychiatrist on-call with our medical program, and she said I needed to take the Cymbalta, so I did take one pill yesterday and again this morning. I do feel weird, though. At the center of it all is my weight gain; I gained about 10ish pounds (I weigh 140 at the moment), and NONE of my clothes fit me. I feel like a disgusting fat blob all of the time. Just one look in the mirror sets me off and I'm HYSTERICAL for the rest of the day. All I want to do is sleep. SLEEP and never wake up. I've had an eating disorder in the past, and I know I can't fall back into it (the anorexia was a direct result of the Ritalin), but I am just hysterical, depressed, and I feel disgusting all day long. My clothes don't fit and I feel fat and disgusting and horrible and I want to cry and rip out my hair. I'm thinking this weight has a LOT to do with my recent downward turn in my depression, but I just can't lose the weight. I work out constantly and follow a really healthy/strict eating plan, and nothing is working. I'm just reaching the end of my rope, here. And to top it all off: I'm getting married next month. I need help...I've called my psychiatrist, but I don't know what to do. I don't see a psychologist; I think I need to, but I've had bad experiences in the past. I think I just need help and guidance and a way to lose this weight and feel good about myself. Hoping this forum will help.