I bet you think this post is about you. What do you know? I'm back! And, if you're reading this, you're back as well. Glad to see you again. Looking' good, kiddo! Yeah, I know. I'm a prick for not posting for so long. But, lately ... okay not lately. Basically, I just recently realized some worthless pathetic 'friend' of mine has been doing nothing but screwing me over since I've known them. Don't you hate that? Yeah, so unfortunately, this has taken up a lot of my energy. That, and I'm poor. And some asshole sideswiped my car in the middle of the night and took out my antenna and side mirror, not to mention fucking up my door and windshield. As you may have already guessed, I've been a ray of fucking sunshine as of late. The hate-o-meter is flashing red and this god damn alarm thing won't stop blaring, and the neighbor's dog won't stop fucking barking. SHUT THAT DOG UP! SHUT THAT DOG UP! But anyway, those are my excuses. Not good excuses, mind you, but it's all I've got. Donations are accepted but not required. I hope the four-twenty holiday went well for all of you good-for-nothing potheads. I myself had a smashing holiday when some of that sweet vegetation unexpectedly came into my life. It was ... alright. Not of spectacular quality. Crap. Eh, did any other holidays pass since I last wrote? Easter, maybe? I believe once again I was drunk on Easter. Mother's Day is coming up pretty damn fast, however. Shit, well mom, I hope you appreciate handmade cards like you did when I was five. Fuck, where's that glue stick? And WHY DON'T WE HAVE ANY GLITTER??? Oh, well. See, this is why we need to be rid of holidays where I either don't get a day off and slash or holidays where I have to buy slash do stuff or suffer the consequence of feeling guilt. Don't I have enough guilt already? Sorry the funny is lacking, kiddies. It's hard to be funny when you want to beat someone's head in with a tire iron covered in bloody feces while Pantera screams in the background. I would've also accepted Slayer. Or Wham. I'll post again when I stop feeling homicidal. okay less homicidal.