I'm a 24 year old female and I am extremely ugly.

Despite having tried a slew of products recommended by dermatologists, and washing religiously, I nonetheless I have the most disgusting skin ever (EVER.  You know Freddy Kreuger?  He suddenly starts to look quite appealing next to me).  And I have ... unfortunate features.  I have a nose that would shame Pinocchio, small eyes, and a manly jaw.  This never used to bother me too much, because I've lived with being Unfortunate Looking my whole life, heard all the insults in school, and I figured that anyone who didn't want to know me because of my appearance wasn't worth my time.

I try to make the best of what I've got - I'm not especially clever or talented in anything, but at least I dress nicely, get my hair done, wear makeup and all that, and I try to enjoy myself.  I knew I was unattractive, but I hoped that people enjoyed my company, and that one day I might even charm someone with my lovely personality enough that he might want to date me despite my appearance (it hasn't happened yet, but you've got to tell yourself SOMETHING, right?).  I have lots of friends, and even though I'm forever boyfriend -less, I'm the one that people seem to depend on for everything but sex, and that has always been a comfort to me.

But yesterday, I overheard a friend - a friend! - saying that my skin is "disgusting" and I ought to "do something" about it.  He said that it was no wonder I was single.  He said it was a "shame I wanted children so much, since no one would ever want to get close enough to impregnate me".  The person he was talking to suggested IVF. 

I don't think I will ever be happy again.  I want to cut my face off.  I want to cut my face off and stick a grenade in my mouth. I don't want anyone to ever, ever look at me again.   I can't believe how utterly worthless I feel.  It's not just that they think I'm ugly - that's hurtful, but I knew I was hardly God's Gift to Men.  But that they would speak about me like that behind my back ... use THAT word in connection with ME?! ... I can't believe how much I've been kidding myself!!  The message is loud and clear: if you're ugly, you're not worth respect or friendship or love.
