I have no idea where to start so I am going to begin at the beginning.

I have somehow managed to hit rock bottom again as far as emotions go. 

I should be happy. I am about to graduate from school, ok so I am middle aged and overweight, but hey I am in school ..... again.

I should be happy

I have over 12 years of sobriety, i am a certified health care provider, and I have a teen daughter most people don't think is possible to have

we still like to spend time with each other ... apparently this is a lost art for teens and parents

I am utterly convinced that everyone of my classmates is afraid of me and they all want me gone

I am unable to look myself in the face without wanting to vomit

I feel afraid, hopeless, lost

every time I get close to achieving a goal I have worked hard for I go into this self destruct mode

I do my level best to sabotage myself

like now I should be working on a resume, a cover letter, and a portfolio as well as studying for a very hard test

but here I am on the computer trying to figure out if I am a whiner or in deep trouble

the thing that made me sit down and write was the thought that crossed my mind on the way home. I thought how much better my daughter's life would be without me around

she could go live with my sister and never have to worry about money or a roof over her head or being able to have a good prom night

she could be happy and never have to worry about me again

my roommate would be better off

so would my family

I am not even sure at this moment if I am serious about wanting to be done with it all or if it is my sabotage mode

this is so stupid

I was abused for most of my life. you can think of it it was probably done to me and now there is no one to abuse me but me, I am picking up where they left off

Stupid ... no?

and to top it off my email is about to be cut off because it's pay that or feed the kid

so if anyone wants to reply to me they can email me at xxxxx, I am using a friend's email for the next month

I feel dumb doing THIS, but I am really freaked here and could use an ear or two to bend
