Well, I have to admit that as a male I've always viewed my own depression as personal weakness. I still do, I can't help it ...it's a notion, feeling or philosophy or whatever that's been instilled from an early age. I know this is not a popular or realistic way to feel about depression. I mean, it's an illness, right. I've never been to a doctor to have my condition properly diagnosed or treated. At the moment, I really can't face my doctor with that sort of issue (btw, I'm in my mid-40s and I've suffered from depression since as long as i can remember) - I've learned to cope, in a fashion, but probably at the expense of a reasonable sense of social 'normality'- i.e. divorced, emotionally empty relationships, enormous amounts of time spent alone, dissatisfied working life, etc. One covers up & disguises the depression at work, at home, and wherever/whenever necessary...and then, when you're all alone, the demons can come out to play(or even before you're alone) - but at least you maintain the expected external masculine dignity, most of the time. For example, today my son wanted to come over to visit me but because I've been feeling so miserable and morbid and soaked in ennui this week, I made an excuse to put off his visit because I didn't want him to see me feeling low & depressed(and weak) and thus ruining his day/week. Instead, I went out on a freezing 10 mile walk alone to try to physically squash the depression. This is a regular occurrence - I get depressed, I hate myself for being weak, so I do something physical to try to alleviate the symptoms(and also to punish myself for feeling depressed)... it works...temporarily. In my mind, this sort of masochism is (or has been)preferable to taking alcohol, drugs (even prescribed medicines), fags, therapy or inflicting real self-harm and so forth because, at least, it keeps me feeling physically fit-physically balanced(and I guess that's important to me) even if it's not always an effective cure for one's depression. And I can keep up the public pretence that all is well. Sorry, back to the point - yes, it seems a lot of men do tend to suffer depression in silence (one wonders what the real percentage could be!).When I joined this group yesterday it was the first time I'd openly voiced the notion that I DO suffer from depression. Not so macho. Perhaps my condition is getting worse... or maybe I'm just feeling a little more realistic about what it is to be a male suffering from depression. Are there MANY women (or even men) out there who are truly sympathetic to males who suffer from depression? Unfortunately, I haven't seen much evidence out there so far?