Hi everyone. I am a 26 yrold mom of three, 6 and under. My depression started as a teenager, but somehow back then I was able to "talk myself out of it" and perhaps had enough going on to keep me distracted. I got married right after high school, and nine months later, (overnight, really) became a mom. I never intended to be a mom at nineteen. I had dreamed of going to college, enjoying years of freedom with my husband, and then, carefully "planning" our first child. Well, seven years later, we've planned only one (our last), and strangely enough my only planned child was the hardest to recover from emotionally. After the birth of my first child I struggled with denial over all my crushed dreams, and fought back depression and suicide on a daily basis. I saw a psychiatrist who put me on various medicines over the next few months, to no significant improvement. When my daughter was three months old I was voluntarily committed to a behavioral health facility and stayed there four days. I came out fully charged, and within a matter of days, was right back where I started. So I started seeing a therapist who did me little good, and continued on the latest medicine combination I was prescribed. Shortly after my daughter turned one I finally gave up on the medicines and the therapy and pretended to be better, even though I wasn't, because of the sheer frustration that nothing was "helping" so I might as well just get on with life. I continued to battle depression and suicide on a daily basis, and also struggled with behavior that was contrary to what a good mother should be. My husband was military, and it is during times in his absence that I have become "her", my alter ego, someone who is intolerant, impatient, selfish, and ugly towards my kids. And blah, blah, blah. Do you guys get tired of telling your life story, because I do. I've lost count of how many times I've told it to various therapists in some vain attempt to help them understand me. So let me tell you where I am now. I am a person who is deeply confused. On the one hand I dearly love my kids, my husband, and I have the desire to live life and see my children grow and strengthen my relationship with them and my husband. On the other hand, I am sapped of every last ounce of purpose, life becomes extremely monotonous, and I strain to see the point of it all. Even now, as I write this, I am wondering, "why am I wasting my time? These people will never know one tenth of a percent of what is going on inside me." And that is how I've left every therapy session I've ever gone to, feeling like my time was utterly wasted and like I've made a chicken scratch in an issue solid as ice and twenty feet deep. I balance on a fragile thread of life and death and I'm scared that it is only a matter of time before something tips the balance just far enough that I finally do "it". My biggest fear is that by the time I find a way to heal myself, if I make it that far, my kids will have paid the ultimate price and be a product of confusion and sadness too. I am sick and tired of trying to feel human. In talking with others, I feel intangible, fake, this intellect in human form but incapable of human understanding. My emotions are real; love, hate, empathy, grief, anger, happiness, but I still do not feel "real". I feel like I am missing some vital component that ties it all together, and without it, I am nothing more than this body walking around, emulating those around me, operating on some kind of autopilot. It goes beyond frustration and confusion, and I feel this pent up rage building inside of me, and I want to scream at the top of my lungs until I turn blue, throw a chair through a window, send dishes crashing to the floor, something through which I can channel the anger and get it as far from me as possible. And then, sorrow. Black as an abyss, tormenting hopelessness, and it is then that I contemplate suicide. Fortunately (or not) I will then remember something, some reason for why I can't do it. The other day was my sisters birthday. I didn't want her to have to remember her birthday as the day her sister killed herself. Then I bawl, because there is no way out. I can't leave, and staying means continued torment for me and the people I love, and for some reason, love me. How long must I endure this cycle? Once again I am off medication. After the birth of my third child I went on the latest wonder drug, Lexapro, and after a year with no improvement I've abandoned that as well. I also made another mental health check in when the baby (now 1 1/2) was a few months old, for six days in duration, and once again came out feeling like a hundred bucks only to crash again. I've examined the perspective that, like the books title, "Depression is a Choice", and have even embraced the idea. I've also embraced the idea that it is certainly not a choice, and that medication is the solution, with equally unhelpful results. I grow weary of this fruitless search to "fix myself". For those of you who would suggest God, yes I am a believer. I turned to him three years ago, after years of Agnosticism, in utter desperation to fill in the "missing link". But for whatever reason, He still isn't enough. Which is the biggest blow of all, because I truly comprehend the sacrifice that was made in my behalf with the Atonement, and yet for some reason fail to utilize it. So here I am. One big mess. And I'm joining the group, lucky you! See you around