Here's a new update for interested readers. Bad news first: I got a voicemail last week, it said my mother was in the hospital. It took me awhile to get more info, I called and left a message where she lived because it was too late to get anyone on the phone there. I finally found out where she was and called the hospital. They said she was having problems walking, that maybe she hurt her back. That she was getting breathing treatments because she had trouble breathing. Part of it was she couldn't smoke, part of it was probably because she does smoke. They didn't seem to find out what caused the problem with her legs. Then she had some other stuff wrong. Part of the good news was one thing they thought was wrong was caused by a shot they gave her, and it was solved the next day. Now, I called her Friday and she said her heart test showed a tear in a valve. She is getting a more detailed test next week, the doctor said it is too early to tell how serious it is or if it needs anything done to it. He told her, it could be just something minor that needs to be monitored and could cause no problems at all or it could require heart surgery. So I was very worried about that. My first thought when I heard she was in the hospital was that she would end up having cancer from smoking, or liver disease from drinking. But I didn't think of any heart problems. I am hoping that it won't be anything serious, or that if she needs surgery that it will be successful and she will recover without any complications. I don't know much about heart surgery, I know I've heart that many bypass patients have good surgery but get sick and die from complications after the surgery. I hope and pray that she will be ok, I live far from her and can't do anything but call her and pray. Now some good news, my new job is going to switch me to fulltime hours next week. I still have to find out if it will be temporary or long-term, but I'm happy either way. I went from poor and going to be homeless, to having a place to live and a low-stress job in a short time. Each day I wake up and am alive and have a place to live means a lot to me now. It kind of gives me a better perspective on life in a way. I know so many people have it worse, so much suffering in the world and I'm lucky. I have to get some new clothes because changing to fulltime I have to go by a different dress code, so I'll be looking for cheap nice clothes tomorrow. I'm thankful I have some money to look for clothes. I'm still adjusting to things, sometimes I feel like "where am I, what's going on?" but it is better than before when I was at my apartment thinking "when will I get kicked out, where will I live?" I'm trying to take it one step at a time, not worry about where I'm supposed to be going in life. I'm thinking, what do I need, get things stable, be able to support yourself, get a phone, get car insurance, get more hours at work etc... I try to stay positive and be grateful, but still I'm a little lost. If anyone wants more details about things, or advice on how I've coped with anything just leave a reply and I'll answer you. I have a lot of things I've learned and advice, but I don't go around telling people what to do or pushing my point of view. I try to just express myself without pushing.