Hi, I have posted a few responses on the forum, but this will be my first thread. I guess I am wondering if I truly suffer from depression or another mental illness. I have not seen a psychologist or a therapist, but I have been reading your threads for the last few weeks. My heart goes out to you and I wish that I could lend more support than I can. I know that my situation is not nearly as dire as many of you, but I still ponder whether I have a iproblemi. For the last couple of years, I have experienced an increase in mood swings. I will be doing fine and then a ilight switchi goes off, and I get a bad case of the blues. These can last for a few of days. In my mind, I know that everything is actually okay, but I can't shake the idowni feeling. I also have frequent bouts of being istressed-outi. By this I mean that all of the tasks that I need to get done seem to be insurmountable and that there will never be enough time to get things done. I sometimes break down in tears during my more manic attacks of frustration and worry. Life seems to have become one long list of stuff to do. Even the fun stuff has become something to get done so that I can move on to the next day. As for itriggersi, as I have been reading about in your posts, I know that I have two major issues. I don't deal well with my emotions when my husband gets angry (not abusive, just normal iguy angryi) or I feel that I have somehow iscrewed-upi and let him down by not doing something right. I turn very inward and the ilight switchi goes off. My second issues deals with embarrassment. I do not take embarrassment well. My stress/anxiety over getting the housework done stems from my concern that people may come over and I will be embarrassed by the state of the house (in fact, the house is always neat and clean, if a bit disheveled by daily life). I often worry about whether I embarrassed myself during social outings or at parties with my friends. My husband reassures me, but that doesn't usually ease my worry. My ObGyn gave me Sarafem (Prozac 20mg) three weeks ago, and I seem to be operating on a more even keel these days. The lows aren't as low and I seem to be able to let more stuff just roll off my back. I am pleased with the results, and my husband has seen a real improvement, but I am still asking myself the basic question as to whether I am indeed ill. Please provide some feedback if you can, as this is the first time that I have tried to really tell folks about how I feel.