I'm new here, and I ought for help.

For the past month I've had a crush on this girl  .. but not a normal crush .. a real CRUSH CRUSH, the type of crush you really feel you need her since the first time you see her.
She is my friend as of right now, I want to ask her out  .. but I am afraid she rejects me, and she wouldn't be my friend anymore.

I've been with depression for the past 4 days already, I even had suicidal thoughts. Last night I was looking for a HotLine to call and tell my story, I felt like I needed to talk to somebody.  
I have friends, but not those type of friends that you can rely on, tell your story, and cry on their shoulders. Basically, i'm by myself in this world.

I love my parents, but I never tried talking about it because I just can't. They wouldn't understand, they ask too many questions .. we even had a minor discussion about me telling my mom NOT to throw the water bottle (I told her 5 times not to throw it), and guess what she did .. she threw the water bottle .. and she told "rrAhh, you should've told me" .. Bad communication indeed, she needs to pay more attention to what I say.

I haven't eaten for a day because the depression has gotten worse .. last night a good "cyber - friend" logged on, and I knew I could talk to that person .. she's not kid, she's a grown woman (40 years old), she has kids, so I knew she would understand perfectly. She talked me into not thinking about suiciding because of that.

Last night was the day that I cried the most, in my entire life. I'm still depressed, a little bit relieved because I actually talked to someone and let all that out.

I just need advices, I've been thinking of that girl ALL the time .. I wrote her letters as a "secret admirer", the ending of the letter was always the same:
"To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world."

I was also thinking that I was going to ask her out .. but like I said above, I'm afraid she might reject me and I fall into a deeper depression.

Please help, what should I do?

I'm 16, and I live in Miami.

Thank you if you have read my story.

EDIT: I have lost my self - respect, and lowered my self - esteem, and feel like if I'm a nobody.
