This message is especially for newcomers desperately seeking a way out of the depression rut. Please read my words carefully as a lot of thought and devotion went into this:

A year ago, I was stuck in the miserable rut of depression with little or no hope of finding a way out. I was attending mandatory group therapy after an attempted suicide and 72 miserable hours in the nut house. They put me on Remeron which helped a little ... taking some of the edge off the suicidal thoughts, but little else. Weeks of trying to learn cognitive behavior therapy went by and hopes of getting better were dwindling. Then one day, my best friend gave me a book which taught me how to properly apply the CBT. Many of you have tried CBT to no avail. I sincerely believe that you did not do it either properly, hard enough, and / or long enough. When retraining the mind, it's vitally important to diligently apply CBT daily for several weeks. (See my webpage for more info: Antidepressant That Works). Once this becomes a regular habit, I'm confident you will see improvement as I did. I'm positive you can do it too. It was the toughest job I've ever had to do, but it sure was worth it. Whenever a negative situation presents itself now, I just block it out and replace it with a positive thought automatically. It's hard in the beginning, but it's totally do - able. Plus, it gets easier after awhile. Then, once it becomes automatic, you don't even have to think about it.

Properly applied CBT helps tremendously, but it's not a complete cure as you will see in my story. You must also take care of your body because it's what furnishes your brain with the proper nutrients. The two go hand in hand. The brain regulates the endocrine system and the neurotransmitters while the body provides the brain with the proper chemicals to do its job.

Leisure activities help also. I know it's difficult for some of you to have fun, but it's important to get your mind off your problems even if just for a little while. I mention motivation in my story. Sometimes you just have to force yourself to do what's good for you even if you don't want to. Contrary to what many believe, motivation begins with action ... not visa - versa. The sooner you begin to properly apply the techniques I learned and the more effort you put in to them, the sooner you will get better. Hopelessness and doubt will be your enemy, so try to put them aside for a month as you get on the road to wellness.

I have been off antidepressants for almost a year now. I feel great ... plus my concentration and comprehension are back. March 5 marked my one year anniversary without alcohol too. I'm basically drug free and am as happy as I was 5 years ago before the depression nearly ruined my life.
