I am new here. I'm from Australia, I'm 27 years old next month, married with a 2.5 year - old daughter and a baby son on the way. I work in Insolvency (liquidations etc). I have been on antidepressant medication on and off for about 4 years now (initially Aropax, now Aurorix), in hindsight I have actually suffered from depression for my entire life. I'm a similar personality to my mother who also suffers from depression. My younger brother and sister seem to have drawn the long straw as such, they seem not to be affected.

Things went downhill for me about the time I started on medication. I was in the early stages of a major gambling problem, and untreated depression had led to a real strain on my marriage. We split up for 3 months (during which time I made 2 lame suicide attempts), reunited and seemed to get back on track, having our first child. Throughout this time the gambling problem intensified, and spiraled out of control to the point where I am now a bankrupt. During this time I also became extremely withdrawn to the point where I hate leaving our house and am more or less unable to cope with spending time with anyone except my wife and daughter. I also had something of a breakdown about 9 months ago, quit my job, which led to great tension between me and my wife (spending 24 / 7 together), eventually she could not cope and moved out. Shortly after we worked it out and I moved in with her.

Things seem pretty good now, we are a lot more relaxed about things and we just seem to get along better, looking forward very much to the birth of our second, in about 6 weeks time. My gambling problem is pretty much dealt with (thanks chiefly to having little money and no access to it now) but I am still depressed, withdrawn and generally tired of life. To be honest, I am only around because of my wife and daughter, I feel little reason to exist other than for them.

I am also a christian and this is very hard, because there is a real burden of "I shouldn't feel this way, I should be happy". This leads to more depression, and at the moment I am reluctant to go to church, I don't pray or read the bible. I'm generally resentful of anyone who I consider to have a better existence than me (which is just about everyone). So while things are quite stable at home, I personally am at my lowest point in some respects. I am quite intelligent and every employer I have ever had has commented on my abundance of potential but lack of drive. So true, I lack any kind of ambition (and harbor something of an extreme opposition to materialism and the pursuit of money and possessions) and even now am tossing up whether to continue working. I have a chief interest (i.e. motorsport), but other interests have been decimated e.g. I used to be quite a good pianist but now have absolutely no desire to play. I also can't get the motivation up to get involved in playing sport, which in the past has been a big part of my life.

So that's me in a nutshell. My extreme difficulty in taking on face to face help / relationships has driven me to get involved in some online depression forums as I think this may be a good way for me to start some kind of recovery.
