I've been dealing with severe depression for sometime now, and within recent weeks it has hit its worst (most of my posts were in the MNSEN area): lack of sleep, stress, behind on my work, can't leave my apartment, constant crying, hopeless need, etc. And during these few weeks I have taken the steps into getting into regular therapy again by consulting psych services at my school in conjunction with the counseling I get (or hardly ever get) from my hospital. The severity of my depression has been taking a toll on my friends and last night it seemed to reach its pinnacle. I'm not sure what came over me, I wasn't even drunk, but I started lashing out at a friend of a friend that was at the same party as I was. I started to verbally bully and attack him because he "annoyed" me, I don't know why I have so much pent up anger. It rapidly went out of control and before I know it my friends were holding me back and I violently threatened them. For the first time in my life, my best friend (closest friend) had to physically hold me against a wall, almost hitting me, to get me to come down. I just broke down after that, it wasn't even about that stupid guy anymore. I was suddenly overcome with loneliness and fear an jealousy and embarrassment. I've always been known for a very short temper, and my friends all know me to be very emotional, but I have never gotten so violent; I've hit and thrown objects before in anger and frustration but I've never struck someone. Though they all tried to console me that night, I feel even farther away from the few friends that I do have. Everything was hazy from last night, even though I had hardly any to drink... it wasn't so much of an intoxication, but more like a violent breakdown of sorts. I was so angry and I was desperate to physically hurt someone; it was quite a scene since I'm a petite girl starting a fight with a passive aggressive 6 ft male--some laughed it off at first as a Napoleon Complex, but it became serious when they saw how out of it I was. I just remember being so hurt and angry at my friends; I felt so alienated which fueled my anger at the world, at my life more... (As cliche as that sounds). And today I just don't feel like going out and I can't help but feel so alone. The way my friend violently had to restrain me scared me a lot---I've never seen her like that, and she is certainly not the type to behave like that... I pushed her to that point. It brought me back to an ex-bf of mine that I was very close too and who saw the worst of my depression as well; he too at one point had to restrain me violently (against his character as well). After an off and on relationship of trying to stay together, he couldn't take me, or my emotional instability, anymore. Last night, I had friends breaking down screaming at me that they were never enough for me (to make me happy or content otherwise) and it just brought me back to that moment with my ex. I feel as if that this cycle is in all my relationships--romantic ones and friendships. I seem to constantly push people away. I don't know what to do. I don't miss my ex-bf at all, but I'm scared that I will never be able to have close relationships/friendships. Everyone I know just pities me. I feel so completely alone and pathetic.