Here's my story, however dull and blunt it may be ...

High school was great. Lots of fun You know-  Parties, beer, dates, sports and the works. I was never what one would call popular, however, I was respected by nearly everyone I went to school with. This, I feel was an asset of mine and helped me with self confidence as well as developing as a individual.

I'm now 19 (20 in June) and have no job, no money, don't go to school and have LITERALLY no friends, aside from my parents whom I still live with a leach off of (what a joke). I am virtually reclusive in my home with the occasional outing to buy cigarettes and to visit my Grandmother who is well near her deathbed.

I suppose my past bout with drugs may be a co - culprit influencing me to work in 'close to' complete isolation.

Maybe there is a cure for me but, chances are it isn't natural remedy. My addictive personality and past drug experiences has veered me away from trying the latest depression medications or any for that matter.

This condition of mine, whatever the fuck it is, started developing slowly. I would avoid large social gatherings at first, then I would pretty much steer clear of meeting with friends (even the closest of friends), and finally I wouldn't even take phone calls. At this point it's all of the above.

When I do confront a person, which by all means I try to avoid, I can't for the life of me keep eye contact like I used to and I seem like a complete, uninterested asshole who is simply in a rush and has no time for chat.

For instance, a two old friends of mine from high school stopped by at my house today to catch up on things. When asked what I was up to I looked at the ground and replied, "Well ... I'm [pathetic excuse of a lie goes here] ...." Nobody buys my shit. If I don't believe myself how can anyone else.?

So, here I am today. The table has turned. I am now the chump. The one without any respect OR self respect and the guy who respects anyone who isn't as lowly as myself. And I hate myself for it. It isn't as if I had a rough upbringing. My parents are and were loving, I've had so many friends, all the opportunities in the world. And I waste it all and continue to do so every stinking day of my life.

I'm not looking for sympathy. It actually matters little if nobody reads this at all. I just needed to put my thoughts somewhere I could come back to re - read and contemplate them
