Hi everybody! I'm new here and I want to tell my story in brief and ask you a few questions. I'm 27 now. Female. I'm studying on PhD in one of the US universities. I've been suffering from different kinds of psychological problems (mainly, depression) for 7 years already. I always tried to handle my depression by myself. And only once, when depression became unbearable, I went to psychiatrist. I had therapy and AD for a few months. That was about 5-51/2 years ago. Now I have strong depression again. I feel that I can't handle it by myself and that I'm tired of fighting it on my own. That's why I've scheduled an appointment with a psychiatrist. My questions: 1. I feel that this depression is different from depressions I experienced before :I started to masturbate like crazy (4-5 times a day) and can't stop - it has been like this for a few weeks already and I seriously started to think about involving  in some homosexual relationship (which I've never done before). I also started to read a lot of porno stories. 2. I'm thinking almost constantly about suicide. I mean, I don't think about committing suicide. NO. I WANT TO LIVE. It's kind of obsessive thought playing in my mind: "I feel bad ...suicide...many people do that...suicide". It's kind of always in my mind. Sometimes I even have a feeling of the rope on my neck (I don't think about other kinds of suicide which is, probably, explained by the fact that my father hung himself). 3. Where am I going guys? Am I going to some serious psycho disease or what? Am I still normal (I feel like I'm still normal). Have you ever experienced something like this? Honestly, what I'm afraid of is that at some point I might start seriously consider these suicidal thoughts. I think this is what happened to my dad. 4. I've been here, in the US, only for 1 year. So, I don't know how the system works. If I come to a psychiatrist and tell her that I have these "suicidal" thoughts will she make me to be in the hospital (I hate even think about this). Should I even tell her about that? Should I be very honest and open? When I went to our University Health Center to get a referral form, I didn't say anything about that. So, I'm a bit afraid of trusting a psychiatrist. Maybe, I don't need to tell her everything. What would be your advice? I'd greatly appreciate your help. Thanks.