I'm sort of new... Here is the short version: I'm 26 year old man. Single. No kids. I live in Arizona (USA). My father was a workaholic, and an alcoholic. So usually he wasn't present, and when he was he was abusive. In addition, mental illness runs in my family. At the age of 5 I was sexually molested by a neighbor. I can recall my anxiety always being there. It's something I have always fought with especially in social situations. My family completely isolated me when I was growing up, in the name of protecting me. As a result I never really learned social skills until I was older. I grew up being abused by my peers throughout school. Found myself taken in by the only people who would accept me as I was: the misfits, outcasts, drug-users. Early into my teen years depression came as an addition to my anxiety. Around 16 I started to get into substance abuse. The only thing I ever used was LSD on weekends regularly. A year later this extended into ecstasy and LSD. I had a traumatic experience and stopped using anything about a year after that. My anxiety became so overwhelming I could not function. So at this time I first started seeing a counselor and a psychiatrist. They put me on Clonzepam. My last year in high school my father was starting to lose it so my mother asked me to leave so we didn't kill each other. I had an inheritance from another relative and I lived off that. I went 2 whole years without speaking to my father. I sunk deep into depression, and returned to substance abuse. The Clonzepam wasn't working anymore. After being outcast from my family, I went full on into the dark side. What was just LSD and ecstasy usage branched into cocaine, meth, marijuana, and virtually anything my friends and I could find. This culminated in an extreme suicide attempt about a year out of high school. After getting out of the mental hospital, I went totally straight and haven't touched any drugs since then. The 8 years following have been a rollercoaster. One moment being on top of the world, having everything I could ever want. Another losing everything. Several long horrible relationships occurred in this time. Over the years my doctor has moved me around on various medicines. I have been using Effexor since 1998. Currenlty I take Lamictal in addition to it. I suffer from chronic reoccurring depression, social phobia, and generalized anxiety disorder.