 I suppose I should have a little more content to justify the massive, page-lengthening links list at right. (Okay, it's not that massive, but it's longer than the lone post.)  I haven't been thinking about much lately, just doing whatever to get through the day. I haven't been sleeping too well either, for some reason. I sleep through the night but I wake up just as exhausted as the night before. This weekend was nice; I slept quite a bit and lazed around at home. Stress-free. Mom and Grandma are visiting Grandpa in Grand Rapids, so I'm just hanging out online for a few more hours. I should make a shopping list and maybe take Grandpa's van to go shopping. I'd rather wait and go with Matt, but he has to mow the lawn and take care of the trash after he's done with his class. And Grandpa just called and said he's got a prescription to be picked up at the pharmacy before 6pm, so I might as well go by myself.  Thinking about this coming school year, too. I'm so anxious to be done, I just want to get Matt's grad school stuff taken care of and move on with our life. I have one theory class to complete a Communications minor, but it's now cancelled for the Fall semester, which means it will be offered during the Winter semester. If I take it then, it will be alongside the theory class I need for my Literature major, and that would make my brain implode (again). So maybe that was just decided for me. As things stand, this fall I'm taking World Novels (Lit), Western Civilization to 1500 (History), Beginning Latin, French 301, and a morning volleyball class for an even 12 credits. I probably could have handled the theory class this fall, or dropped either Western Civ or Latin and volleyball, but we'll see if it's still cancelled by mid-August. I also need to apply for graduation, but my advisor is out of town this summer, so we'll wait until the Fall semester has started.  It's freezing cold in this house. I wish I'd brought a jacket or a sweatshirt. I suppose I could drive home and get either, but meh. I'll survive.
