 I just got back from seeing the movie I, Robot starring Will Smith.  Let's just say I was just a tidge disappointed in the movie.  First of all, when I heard that this movie was coming out I picked up the book (not the misleading one with Will Smith on the cover).  I was fascinated by the book in the fact that it was a series of vignettes about the evolution of robots from mindless machines to a species equal to ours, all shown through the eyes of a robot pschoanalyst.  I thought these stories were amazing and saw a definite flow to all the unlinked stories.  This made me very intriqued about how the movie was going to be.     I had read that Alex Proyas was going to take liberties with the plot, but keep Isaac Asimov's vision intact.  I believe he failed, miserably.  What Mr Proyas made was just another unbelievable action movie that appeal to the dense overly stimulated action freak with none of the intended vision to what he speaks of.  It is sad really there was so much emotion and cerebral moments that were lots in the mindless CGI and laws of physics bending fight sequences that have been over used by ever movie since the first Matrix.  In fact they should have called this a Matrix prequal that George Lucas would have been proud of (including the apparently useless sidekick kid from Even Stevens that didn't have to do with anything in the story except a cheap laugh, can you say JAR-JAR).       There was some redeeming value, there was some witty dialogue that kept the plot interesting.  But of course, like all Will Smith movies, there was far too many pointless one-liners.   Another point was the fact that the leading lady wasn't just some no brain supermodel which was hard to believe that she actually could read the script (Denise Richards in The World is Not Enough), but they found some one less than perfect who was actually believable though still too young to be a brilliant scientist.       Overall the movie was entertaining, but not something that Asimov would have been proud to go see.
