 this is the first time i ever done one of these, it seems a little awkard for me considering i'm such a shy person  But i feel its something that i need, no one listens anymore.  Its like there deaf to everything i say, i'm going unheard....its a really painful feeling.  i heard a song today by story of the year, "anthem to out dying day", it was a song that appealed to me in no sort of reason, but i still felt compelled to do something.  i have listened to it non-stop for about 2 hours and it still hasn't gotten old for me.  Its a new one for me considering i like songs for about a week then never listen it for awhile.  i don't know what but it appeals to something in my life, something i've been wanting for awhile.....her. she is one of the most perfect people i have ever seen i my life. She lights up my entire life when ever i am near her.  its like nothing i've ever felt, and it aches...because i can't tell her how it feels...how will she react?  she is the type of person that isn't very open...like me.....i can't just tell her "hey i love you baby!"  that just won't cut it, for me and for her.  It seems like she wants something more in a relationship, something i'm trying to find and seem to have found, but can't tell her.  Will she reject or rejoice?  I know it seems like a cliche type of love story but that is just the way this story is.  I wish she would just run into to my arms and say, i love you and nothing is never going to change that.  My heart grows heavy when i see her with other people...other men...i always feel like my window is closing to her..like i'll miss my shot..and i will....i just can't do anything about it.  I won't too, but i just can't.  I don't want to ruin what we already have.  I keep thinking that she will freak out and our relationship will never be the same with her.  Its a solitary confinement for me.  No windows, only a door, which i'm afraid to open, afraid to see whats on the other said.  Something lies beyond the door that i want too see, but i am afraid too...what happens if disater lurks beyond the door...
