 These are just a few of the poems that I have written in my past.  Granted, they ain't the greatest, but in my eyes, they are also not the worst.  I hope if who ever does read these, enjoys them.     This first one I truely like.  Carpe Noctem By C. Kevin McBroom  Spinning yarns and  Spinning tales Of creatures of the night And of banshee wails  They say monsters do not exist Or at least so it seems Tell that to a small boys cries Or a little girls screams  As a clawed paw falls Quietly with each step Behind its opaque eyes  Many secrets are kept  The small creature stalks The night of the moon With nie a sound With a smell of doom  A light through a window Spurs the small beast on Moving swift ever silent For inside is food to feast on  A light scratch at the window Followed by a stifled cry ‘Tis only a small kitten Wanting in from the cold outside  True Thoughts By C. Kevin McBroom  I’m tired of peoples attitudes Treating me as if I am in their servitude People just don’t understand Just because I’m not Exactly as they have planned I feel as though I’m looked down on Try as hard as I might Even when I win, I haven’t won Sometimes I want to Open that final dark door If I do, would I finally win?  Friends fall wayside, as do lovers Once again I am all alone Walking solemnly through the clover Pictures race through my mind I try not to look, is it Because I’m afraid of what I’ll find? I’m better off left alone and silent No one to worry or care about No one for my heart to be sent Tears fall but I laugh in spite I close my eyes to hide myself And finally give up the fight      Personally I've always thought that one was kind of depressing, all suicidal and stuff, but for some odd reason, I still like it.  Seasons By C. Kevin McBroom  In the sleepy summer sunset  I remember your bright eyes Reassuring and softly staring Reflective of the clearest blue skies  During the wild winter winds As the snow covered the ground We walked hand in hand At night you chased away the cold dark shroud  In sun-filled spring days Your lovely laughter filled the air As we rolled in and over the clover Life was without a single care  In the sleepy summer sunsets I remember your bright eyes       I wrote that last one for my now wife.  I know it is sort of corny and hallmark-ish,(Is that a word?), but I like the picture it brings to mind and it is probably the least syrupy poem that I wrote to her.
