 I know that I am not alone in the 'loving the wrong man' line....   How many of us look for love in all the wrong places? How many of us confide in our best friends or our mothers (gasp!) that the man who is most important to us is unfortunately attached to someone else? How many of us intend for these things to happen? Probably none of us. We just seem to have a penchant for something that doesn't belong to us.....  And then I have to ask....does anyone really belong to anyone but themselves? Shouldn't we belong to ourselves? Shouldn't we do as  we  see fit?  No.... probably not. Because we harm others when we do this. Actually we harm ourselves, our psyches, our very souls.  We show ourselves to be without value. We are unimportant. We don't count. And we do this to ourselves.    Do we want to hurt others? No. I don't think that most of us even have any guilt about what we are doing. The man certainly doesn't. I seem doomed to be someone's midlife crisis. And no I am not that young. I am 48 years old and once again in the throes of a relationship that can only damage everyone involved.    He wants my address so that he can send me things. He actually called me once from his home. I asked him if he was out of his fucking mind. I don't know why I am doing this.  Because he smells so wonderfully fine and he tastes so good. Because he kisses like Kenny G's music sounds. Because everyone I want seems to be married ....or gay. Yes folks.... the guy that did my eyebrow piercing is a definite hottie and has two grown kids and an ex-wife and is definitely  uncloseted. And he twinkles and flirts and makes you want to well......I don't know lick him or something....sometimes I hate men.  This one tells me that I am his 'Whiskey Lullaby'. I am not sure if that is a compliment or not. I love the song ...but it is rather depressing and I couldn't help but ask if I was the bottle or the trigger. I guess it is supposed to be a compliment....  Listen to me piss and moan.  If you don't like the heat......get out of the kitchen.
