 I'm in eighth grade i'm 14 and am graduating june 7. i'm in love with a boy named antwaun and he is in love with me. we aren't exactly in a relationship yet but,it will be official(i'm pretty sure) this weekend. i trust him so much and he respects me. my life at home is just okay. my parents aren't together and i dont get along with my mom. She is mean to me. I hate her so much that is why this summer i get to move in with my dad. usually i go to his house every other week but now i get to move in full time after i graduate.this is my first blog an di dont know i fi will write another. i probably will. i'm Italian and i love Italian food, especially the desserts. i went on a cruise with my aunt and my cousin jen. i got to kiss and swim with a dolphin and i had so much fun. it made me feel good about myself i dont know why. It was like i had no worries and it just felt liberating. My family is big. i have ten aunts and uncles just on my dad's side of the family. i love my dad's side of the family it is so much fun and we always get together for dinners and parties, and everyone eats and drinks and has a good time. i go to private school now but when i get to high i will be in a public school. private school is ok but i can't wait to experience public. i have to wear a plad jumper and i have been in this same small school all of my lif. i have never gone to school without a uniform, except for jean days which dont happen often. i am short have light brown hair brown eyes and i weigh around 100 lbs. i love basketball and was already invited to play varsity basketball my freshmen year of high school. i love shoppin' and i always like looking good. i like getting my nails done but usually can't afford it. i hope you lik emy blog and now i'm an official bloger.  p.s i just learned about blogging and how it is addicting...for whoever is addicted to blogging right now think if you have neglected a family member or friends or anyone who is special to you, and get off your computer now and spend some of your time with them. In my researches i read that 2.5 million ppl are addicted to bloggin.
