 Last Sunday I completed my first long run, 5 miles. Not bad. I followed the suggested training regimen this week, even the Friday cross-training session. My packet of training info suggested that “pool running” was, “…hands down the best cross-training activity for runners…”. I decided since I bought a swimsuit last fall, I would put it to good use at Yale's Olympic-sized pool.   The only person in the area who didn't think I was a complete idiot was the undergraduate student lifeguard, whom I informed of my intent to “pool run”. He was a member of the Yale swim team, and, “very familiar with pool running.” He proceeded to describe types of pool running exercises, and while trying to explain one in particular, asked me if I was familiar with water polo. I replied, “No, but I know how to play Marco Polo.” Unfortunately, my childhood days of Marco Polo training proved insufficient…   Referring to pool running, the article states that, “… it looks a little odd.” Well, they were right. All 15 or so people at the pool, including the children trying to play around in the lane next to me, thought I was a complete whack-job. To give you a better idea of what pool running looks like, think of a common dream you might have had or heard of - you know, the one where someone is chasing you and you're running but not going anywhere? It's like that, but add to your mental picture: 8 lanes of professional swimmers, 1 lane of 3 kids trying not to stare, a swim cap, goggles, and Melissa Bourgeois trying to “run” to the other end of the pool without drowning. That's pool running.   Although I looked like a total ass in the pool, I felt great afterwards, much unlike I feel today. It seems I have either mild food poisoning or a stomach virus – either way, I can't even think of food without wanting to vomit. Suffice it to say I will not make my 6 mile long run today, which I am very disappointed about. It's only going to make my 7 miler next week that much harder. I'm trying to get as much rest as possible today so I can try to make up the long run tomorrow. We'll see. Right now I'm going to head for the couch and a little comedy central…
