 I awoke this morning in a foul mood.  Why??  I don't really know.  I had become a little testy on the phone with my girlfriend last night but not enough to justify it carrying over to the next day.  One thing I do know is it is setting the precedence for the rest of the day, which isn't really surprising as once I get in a foul mood it is extremely hard to pull myself up out of the trenches of self loathing and hatred.  I've been at work for the last 4 hours and have thus far accomplished nothing, at least a lot more nothing then what I usually accomplish while at work.  In recent times I have slipped from a model employee to the try to do as little as possible disgruntle employee, reason being my boss recently hired a new employee and our office is turning into a good ole boys club where I being of the opposite sex feel out of place.  I work at a university and have worked in the same department for the past four years, my official job title is Computer Support Assistant yet my responsibilities have grown much since I started gainful employment here.  Yet now I’m feeling under appreciated as the new guy is getting paid more than me and is perhaps destined, in the near future, for a pay rise, just to stick the knife in a little deeper.    You could argue that his job title carries more clout then mine as he is officially known as a Web Developer, yet I as a lowly old Computer Support Assistant should technically be paid less, yet it appears that I have moved from the illustrious realm of shit kicker to web developer over the years, yet I still kick the shit when ever someone is in.  Technically we should be on an equal playing field, yet this too doesn’t seem to be the case.  Because I have been here the longest I am given the added responsibility of maintaining our servers while my boss lays on a beach somewhere smelling of coconut oil and slowly burning flesh.   But alas it is not to be, I must suffer in silence, I know I’ve not been very silent.  I do however feel much better now after this little venture, perhaps my foul mood was simply due to pent up frustrations which have since subsided as a result of this writing.  I feel better now and perhaps well enough to do some real work.
