 So how many blogs do I have now? Let's count...probably 4, and I usually only use one which is Dead Journal. But hey, I want a new taste...so I'm gonna use blogger again. For the 3rd time? lol   It was (still is) very windy today. I like this cool breeze...although it was really hot today.   The moment I got up today I knew I was going to have a good day, cuz I woke up briskly and eager to go to Saturday School. But now that I think about it...today was a REALLY tiring day. The most tiring day I've ever had at Saturday School maybe. I mean HAL!! Hal is SO GODDAMN loquacious! (Hahah, there goes my vocab again...) He would NOT shut up!! We did show and tell again and he would make either a sarcastic remark or a "Oh I have that" to everything everyone says. YOU SMARTASS!! And then for HIS show and tell, guess what he gets out... fossils and anmonites.  He even made this presentation-board type of thing. And he talks back to me, says mean things that he doesn't mean, etc...that kid absolutely drives me  mad.  But what the hell, at least he's somewhat entertaining...half the laughter in that class is caused by Hal's smartness (and stupidness...today he said 'Stupidity counts in everything.' Daresama yanen...lol) . Talked to Victor today, was nice...he's so cute, hehe. It's so weird how my heart jumps whenever I see him. But his hideous sense of BAGS and HATS are disturbing...lol I guess he likes that military color combination...  Yusuke, Hiroaki, and I were gonna go to a movie tonight but since we found out it ends at 9:05, we cancelled it...plus we might not have gotten tickets, we were planning to see  Day After Tomorrow . That comes out today! So then we planned to go out to dinner, but since I finish work at 5 we postponed that as well. lol   Apparently I might be going to prom with Hiroaki...? Yusuke and Jyongri persuaded him to go with me, and it might just happen! It all depends on if he has the whole outfit though, I hope he does. Well whatever, I'm not too concerned with going dateless after all. As long as we all have a good time...  Speaking of packing, I leave in  15 days!!!  Do you read that Courtney, I'LL BE IN THE SAME GODDAMN COUNTRY IN 15 DAYS! I'll be sure to give you a call when I get to Indiana kk? ;) Ahhhh I'm so excited...XD XD   I must go do homework now. Adios amigos.
