 Hello. I'm so glad you've come. Would you like a cup of tea? I like mine with two heaped spoons of sugar and full-cream milk. But you can have yours any way you like. I'm not going to stop you.   Well, I might as well introduce myself, since you've made it this far. And you look like you're comfortable so I've got nothing to lose.    My name is Mrs Walker and I am 26 years old. I live in a pink square house on Harlem Avenue, in a working class neighborhood ten miles west of the Chicago loop. My husband, Mr. Walker, and I, bought the house in April and we moved in on May 1.   Our house is different from other houses. From Harlem Avenue, our house looks just like a pink square lego brick that's come alive and has grown eyes and a mouth. In front of the house is a strawberry field and there are five fruit trees on our double lot. We have grape vines growing over the deck and peonies, roses and other exotic looking flowers exploding all over our Chicago plot. On the other half of the lot (it's a double) are neat blocks of soil divided by wooden walkways. We have planted corn, brocolli, carrots, beans, tomatoes, peppers and herbs here. Every day my husband and I look on in astonishment as the plants rise up out of the ground in their mission to feed us.   When we first looked at the house in March this year, we had no idea what was already in the ground. The stawberry plants, berries and grapevines have all burst forth since we moved in. In the last two weeks we have picked perhaps half a dozen pounds of strawberries. We've given away baskets to friends and I took a couple quarts into the office one day. We've made strawberry jam and I tried strawberry fudge but I didn't wait for the mixture to get hot enough and it didn't set. I threw the whole pan of fudge out and only had to feel guilty about the dollar or so that I spent on the can of evaporated milk, and the three cups of sugar.   Well, that is not exactly true. I was sorely devastated by my failed fudge attempt and I bought new ingredients at the grocery store today. In fact I'm going to attempt a new batch again right now. If it turns out alright this time, I'll share the recipe with you.   So please come back to visit. Next time I may even have a chocolate biscuit for you to eat with your tea.
