 let the anonymity begin.  i think we all have something we want to talk about, but that we can't quite bring ourselves to reveal to anyone we actually have to see face to face. i have an overwhelming feeling (regardless of its veracity) that no one will quite understand what i'm saying. but if you do, please share any insights you have with me. my views are not extreme or disturbing, just a challenge for me.  let's start with the introductions. i'm a 27-year old single female. this is NOT a solicitation for men to start asking me out. it's simply a fact. i love being single and being able to do whatever i desire with my life. i've recently returned to grad school and changed my career/life path extraordinarly. i've also moved to a new city where i have made some great friends (mostly male, as is the norm for me). i come from a christian household and still cling to my faith despite doubts and challenges. the big challenge currently is sex.  for better or for worse, i have a sex drive. currently, it's driving me mad. but i also have a moral code that keeps me from even entertaining the idea of casual sex. due to my odd combination of faith and life interests (drinking, smoking, crude jokes, liberal hippie crap, independent lifestyle, tolerance, tattoos, piercings, etc.) it is very difficult to find anyone who is compatable with me. and that's the beginning of the trouble...when i do someone who looks good on paper, i cannot get interested (even though i desparately need to release some pent-up sexual energy). i'm not looking for a solution, per se, but i am frustrated and venting. what am i looking for? HOPE.  so if you got it, send it my way. are you a christian man or woman who has found a great sexual and life partner despite not "appearing" to be the christian norm? i often consider giving in to a casual encounter, but i honestly don't think i could physically go through with it...and i'd certainly beat myself up afterward. not out of guilt, necessarily, but just cuz i know that's not what makes me happy.  life is good in so many ways, and hopefully through more of the posts i can open up more of who I am to myself (and to anyone who cares to read them). i am a very odd combination. and i like it :) but i think most people find me very confusing (probably think i'm a prude)...and they like it from about 10 feet away. goodnight moon.
