 it's really sad when God takes away a life... especially when it's someone close to you.. especially when it's too soon.. like you wish that you could've spent more time with that person. you never realized how much they meant to you until they're gone. i guess it's part of life, to teach us how precious life is and how we shouldn't take it for granted. just came back from krish's cremation.. krish was this guy in my grade... never knew him well, since i only met him this year, but he was the first guy to talk to me at ASB. i still remember the first day, on the bus, he was like, "hi!.. you're in 10th grade too?.. i'm a new student..." and after that simple gesture, we started talking... when we arrived at school we didn't know where to go, so he was all, "let's just go together... :)" and after we found our own groups of friends, we sort of drifted awei... i regret it though.. i wish i could've learned more about him rather than shun him away. i never even knew the little details about him, like about his family or his past... i guess i learned that we shouldnt take anyone for granted.. coz tomorrow they might be gone just like that. the cremation was held in this Wat in Soi Ekkamai.. i've never been in a thai-style funeral, but it was pretty much the same... almost everyone at ASB was there.. not to mention all his old friends in NIST, RIS, ISB... there were about 500 + people!!!... and almost everyone was crying (including me.. hehe!)!... it just goes to show how much he touched everyone's lives in different levels... when they cremated him, they put inside his possessions, like a soccer ball and his favorite shoes, his cell and some cards and letters we made... and then they played "i'll be missing you" by p.diddy and faith evans... :( i'm gonna be thinkin of him every time i hear that song!!!  RIP Prishant Johri (Krish) December 25, 1986-February 13, 2004 Born on the 25th of December, the day of our Lord. Died on Friday the 13th, the day of bad luck. Mourned on the 14th of February, the day of hearts. Rest in Peace forever, Krish, you will be greatly missed.
