 So here I am...one of those people who likes to hide behind who they really are...someone who is afraid to express their honest opinions because they don't want to hurt anyone. But this is fun because there isn't a single person (well, okay, except maybe my sister), who know that this is really me. Let the fun begin!!!  To give you a better idea of who I am and what I like, I figured that I would start out with some websites that I check frequently. I get my basic news headlines here: www.usatoday.com. I also really like the sight because it has a lot of entertainment news and fun chats so when I am really bored at work, I can bug people besides my coworkers (which is a word that I have never really liked because every time I look at it, I only see the word "cow." Granted, some of my coworkers have been along the "cow" lines, but still...that is just mean).  I am applying to law school for the fall- mostly because I don't know what else to do and I am actually entertained by the thought of spending 3 more years in school. So I check out www.review.com, www.lawschooldiscussion.com, www.xoxohth.com, and www.lawschoolnumbers.com for some up to date information. Okay, so I am actually really excited about going to law school. I know that millions of people are doing it- so I thought that I would be one of those millions. No, just kidding... I know that the job market will be tough when I get out but it is tough right now and I can't stand my job. Why not get more edu-ma-ca-tion? It is almost funny...I haven't told my friends that I am going to law school. I have good reason but that is definitely something for another entry.  I love to travel and like to check out www.elliott.org for info about deals and new travel news.   I also check out www.eonline.com for celebrity news- yes, I am one of those people. But I have to live vicariously through someone so why not someone beautiful, thin, rich, and famous?!?  Okay, enough for today...I am sure that this is not interesting to most people but it is a lot of fun for me to write and I am sure that it will allow me some creative genuis. Have fun!
