 In this process of letting go, I am finding that the most courageous act I can to is to also  let in . Change is the only constant in life, but it never seems to get any easier to move beyond the attachments of my heart and head.   I find that sharing my stories is a part of my process of healing.  It provides release, but also accountability.  In a way, this log is a letter to my future self; a reminder; a chronicalling.    Taylor and I have broken up more times in the past 9 years than I can even begin to count, and in recent years those endings have been becoming more and more final, as we sought other loves and different paths.  But we always seemed to find our way back to each other again.   This time there is a sense of finality.  Despite our best efforts, we just can't seem to move beyond our struggles.  It is heartbreaking to think of leaving behind my best friend and all of the dreams we shared for our future, but it is also exciting to think of the possibilities life has in store for us.    I take solace in the small things...  Puddle jumping on my way to the corner market this morning Birds enjoying all of their new baths after the rains last night Kids in a single file line on their way to a field trip  I am seeking new adventures: meeting new people, exploring new places, new things.... Letting in and  taking in   the world with a new perspective, a lightness, an openess.   The past 3 years have brought a lot of loss and lessons.  I have had to mourn my grandparents for the second time as the dome was sold.  I had to let go of Taylor to be with Mark, who brought a lot of joy, but even more heartache, and then regret that I had hurt Taylor to pursue such a fruitless endeavor.   I have always tried to follow my heart at any given moment, and sometimes the choices that follow are painstakingly difficult.  I can't help but feel that some of those choices have contributed to these insurmountable trials between Taylor and I.  He moved on long ago.    And now I must begin to.    I have learned so much in the last few years; about love and life, and mostly about myself.   I live my life with the faith that everything happens just as it is meant to. I must trust the unfolding, let go, and let in.
