 A letter of complain  Dear Ms Tang, I really must have to complain about the summer camp that organized by your company. I was one of the first students from my school to go to this camp. Expecting a relaxing camp, the camp was totally a disaster! There were many problems in the camp, such as there were holes on the tents, all the sport equipment was broken, foods were horrible and a very dirty beach.  On the first night of the camp, it rained. So we decided to stay in the tent to play some card games. However, there were holes on the tents! The rain dropped through the holes and made us all wet. Also, it made us unable to sleep and even so, some of my classmates had caught a cough after that night.  Finally the rain had stopped on the next day, therefore we all got out and wanted to enjoy some sports activities. When we got to the sport equitmenp room, we found that all the things were broken. We couldn't play football because the football had a hole and so do the basketball. We also couldn't play the tennis because we couldn't find the tennis ball. All the things there were like a mass and made the room just like a rubbish room. At that day, we did nothing until noon and all of us were bored.  Hoping for a delicious lunch, the food was awful. The food was badly cooked. For example the fish had bad smell and seemed that it had been cooked a long time ago. The soup was the most horrible dish. The color of the soup was black! We didn't want to eat them, but we were all hungery and there were no restaurants nearby, we had to eat them. In the afternoon, many of us felt sick and had a stomach-ache.   The advertisement of this camp said that there would be a beautiful beach near the camp site for us to swim. However, the beach was terrible too. The beach was full of cans, glass bottles, paper and so do the see. We all disappointed about the camp and we all thought that this was the worst camp that we even had.  I was totally not satisfied by the services that provided by your company and we are claiming the total cost that we spent on the camp which is totally five thousands six hundred dollars. If you don't give us the refund, we will take further action by sending complain to the consumer Council.  I'm looking forward to receiving your prompt reply.  Yours faithfully, K. Ng. K. Ng.
