 Where does one start?? I guess by telling a bit about who I am, where I have been and where I hope to go.  I live in Northern California in a little community called Yankee Hill. We are situated between the towns (cities??) of Chico and Oroville about 80 miles north of Sacramento. I live on 10 beautiful acres where I bring dogs I rescue from the pound (no sweet sounding titles like "Animal Shelter" here!!) and train them to work with people with disabilities.  One February 20th of 2004, we placed our programs first Service Dog to work with a young girl with Cerebral Palsy. It was a really exciting event and after following up on them for the past 3 months, they are doing really great.   I am now working with 3 other dogs. One is being trained to work as a the ears for a hard-of-hearing person who also seems to be picking up the tasks needed to assist someone in a wheelchair. Her name is Polly and we believe that she is a mix of German Shepherd and Yellow Lab.  Starr is a Black Lab mix and she is being trained to assist someone with a wheelchair. Her progress seems to be slower, but I am still hoping that she will pass the program. If not, we will find her a good home as a pet or possibly keep her to be our demonstration dog. The only real problem with her is that she is not real confident in big city environments. She is about 15 months old, so there is still time to help her overcome her issues.  Then we have Mocha, a Chocolate Lab. We chose her for a specific client who has a spinal condition that is making it progressively harder for him to walk on his own. Mocha is being trained to wear a harness with a handle that he can hang onto and offer him balance and stability. We have only been working with her for a couple months. She also has had some issues for us to help resolve, the most major is a fear of having either her ears or tail touched as if she was picked up by them at some time. The other is that she has had a hard time staying in one place when someone moves near her. Both of these things are being addressed and we are having great success with her developing more confidence in a variety of situations.  Well, that is a start. I'll stop here and see how this looks and pick it up again later this evening. TA TA
