 Today? Is a word, which means the present day, time, or age? So today would be  June 17, 2004, the time 2:00AM, and the age not sure yet. How about I rewind back to this morning and then tell a little about what got me here today……  (Place here the most annoying sound in the world) that would be my alarm. It’s 10:30 in the morning (I just went to bed 5 hours ago) so what do I do? I hit the snooze button. Six thousand beeps and an hour later I finally decide to wake up but not by choice. My sister Whitney runs into my room and tells me something don’t know what she said because my mind was still on weather or not I was wearing cloths. By time I got up and took a shower puts some cloths on. I figured out that she was telling me that the food was ready my Step-Dad had made lunch. So I eat then walk back to my cave (my room) to continue my computing experiences. Which doesn’t ever end.  From there on I just sat and sat watched some movies and listened to some music. Talk on the devil I mean AIM. 8 hours later I go to the best place to eat SUBWAY. Then I retreated back home to continue my online enjoyment. This went on till about a hour ago when I remembered a Tech TV show called “Call for Help” (use to watch it a lot till the show got canceled a few weeks ago)  Where a guy said something about blogger.com. So I was like what the heck, and checked it out. So here I am now setting here in the dark, except the glow from my monitor writing about the most boringness day in the world, or just close to it.    Now for some info about my Family and I. Family, 4 sisters and 2 brother and older, which would make me the youngest and I’m 15 year of age.  The oldest 30, my parents are divorced and both re-married. One of my brothers is in Iraq; the other is in Wichita Falls in Texas going to collage. By the way I leave in Texas, Fort Worth actually. One sister just graduated and then other will next year.       Well now that you know a little about me, made you might be able to understand some of my anger sometimes and maybe you can’t…
