 Stuff goes nuts as soon one gets mad.  As if somehow civility is erased from our brains and mindless matter comes out of our mouths.  Blows thrown at breakable things as if relief of someones frustration is inevitable.  Things twist as a tale changes and turns from moderate to worse.  My wife begged me to let her go her parents house,  while I shaked my head in disapproval.  So I said "ill make you a deal, I let you go but you clean the house tomorrow.  And get everything ready to go...and I mean everything! including me! get my clothes ready." As time progressed somehow my wife lost track of time.  Then the time came for me to get ready to go to work.  My stuff wasnt ready as we agreed.  I let my wife know that im about to leave and im not taking her to her moms house.  She gets mad and storms out of the room while screaming  " I have RIGHTS!!"  me thinking to myself.. "Fuck man... I have the right to enforce what we had agreed on."  The arguments got worse as she decided to resolve to threats of what she wasnt gonna do anymore. Of course that incensed me beyond borders of sanity as I thought on my head "hey its not my fault you took forever in getting ready!!" We went off to work and she dropped me off.  When the time came for me to come out of work she wasnt outside waiting for me.  I asked around if anybody had a cell phone to call my wife, and apparently nobody did.  So I waited 20 minutes till the next batch of employees came out, and asked them for a cellphone.  My wife answered to my dismay! I asked "why are you not picking me up!"  She said "You usually dont come early home so I figured you were gonna take a long time to get out."  That got me so angry that I almost hit the windshield of my car.  She said "I have RIGHTS!" Infuriated as I was I struck the windshield and cracked it." I was disappointed, but oh well its my wifes fault!!.  Of course I left alot of details out since im so angry right now that its consuming me from within.  It burns me inside as my spirit of goodwill fades into unusefullness.  What a shitty day.
