 I guess I should start out by telling a little about myself ...  I'm 16 years old, and I live in south florida.   I tend to  live  at the beach. I just don't understand how you can be so blessed as to be able to live on the ocean and not take advantage of it ..  I do things a typical 16 year old does, I guess. I love dancing, drinking, surfing, shopping, tanning, music, movies, and just hanging out. Okay, so I'm from boca raton, and as many of you  may  have heard, girls there tend to be shallow bitches .. I happen to be neither, unless you  really  piss me off ;)  Things that I live for are sunsets, sunrises, first kisses, hockey games..& players*:P, smoothies, FSU football, chocolate covered strawberries, dancing the night away, and gazing at the stars.  I want to be famous. I'm not really sure how I'm going to go about doing this, but hey, if it happens, I'll be thrilled.  I don't take things for granted. I live life day by day, and I try not to worry about what's gonna happen tomorrow. Life is short. I believe in forgiving someone who's hurt you, even if they don't deserve it. Don't judge a book by it's cover. Spend as much time with your family as you can, especially your grandparents. You can learn more than you've ever imagined.  I've never  really  been  in  love, romantically that is. I've loved a lot, but I'm scared. Scared of being hurt, scared of loving someone so much as to not be able to live without them. Lately, I've been finding out that trying so hard  not  to love, hurts just as much.  With one look at me, you'd probably label me as a typical "dumb" blonde bimbo. Hopefully, if you really take the time to know me, you'll realize that, even though I do have my ditzy moments, I'm not at all like my exterior shows.  I'm a sexual person. If you don't like it, then don't say anything to me. I'm not at all slutty, but I'm in touch with my sexuality. I believe that as long as you're comfortable with your body and who you are, then that's a perfectly fine thing to be.  I'm probably one of the  most  open people you'll ever meet. So, looking at me, you might not think so, but I am. I've been through a lot, and you'll find all of it out eventually.  Anyways, I guess that's me in a nutshell. I guess I'll be writing a lot more later, so hope to hear from all of you .. peace xo
