 Hmm, lol. Well, I cant really say that this is my first time writing a blog, I have done it before, but failed miserabley! :(  My other site that I was running and maintaining sorta died, when dot.tk decided to kick me off for not having like a gazillion visitors a month, OH, and because my account was free!! :P   Well, I better start writing about yesterday. Well, ( this is gonna be interesting :P) I worked from 4pm-9pm, and had like a 10 min break at about, 8:25pm. Since I had to ride to work, coz my brother was being a wanker and didn't wanna drive me, i parked my bike around the back of the building, ( without a chain ) which i forgot. So at about 8:30pm I decided that i would check if my bike was still around the back of the building where i parked it. Well, to cut an EXTREMELY long story short, it wasn't and after alot of screaming, and alot of profanities being used, i ended up vending my anger into the nearest wall, which happened to be concrete. It would've been alot better if it had been marshmallow or something, otherwise I wouldn't have like a knuckle the size of Kansas at the moment now would I!? :D   After this, I went back inside, and worked the next 30 min till i finished. My Mum picked me up, and thought that since I rode to work, she would be picking up the bike aswell, but no! After an extremely heated discussion, ( more like we were ripping eachothers heads off ) we decided to go down to the police station, ( about 15 min drive awa ) and report the bike stolen. When we were reporting the details to the nice constable, he immediately jerked his head up and said " oh, is this yours??" I then had to walk down a long hallway, and he then revealed the bike, and to my joy, I replied " yes, yes that is my bike "  Since Mum had gone home to get changed, because when she picked me up she was in her SLIPPERS!!! We now had the smaller car, because Mum believed that we had no chance in the world of finding my bike!! We had to really cram my 21" bike into the little family car!!  I went home and SLEPT!!! Well, toodles, I shall be back 2morrow, writing about my interested day!!  ( OH, and if your wondering were i work?? I work at Hungry Jacks, Junkfood Corner!!)BYE!!
