 This is my blog to the world…  …that never blogged to me (apologies to Dickinson, check it out at www.bartleby.com).  What a fitting first posting to my blog!  Clever.  Blogs are the ultimate in one-way communication, brought to us by the infinite self-publishing capabilities of the web.  Children in Beijing and the editorial staff at Al Jazeera can find out with the click of a mouse what I have to say about anything.  Everything!  If it crosses my mind, it will cross theirs, yours, everybody’s.  The good folks at the Independent School Technology Letter have come to yours truly, bloggingman, to get everybody hip to blogs.  Can do.  In fact, we decided to blog our way through the topic, for real.  Is there any other way to communicate?  From me to you.  I am giving Sherry and Will privileges to post to the blog as we go along, so they can help me keep it straight and blog it into shape.  What, you ask, is a blog?  Where you been?  If I spelled it ‘blog, would that give you a clue?  Right, it’s short for web log.  “Log”: noun, a record of performance, events, or day-to-day activities (check it out at www.m-w.com), and you know what “web” is.  I’m keeping track of things in my log, which I publish on the web, hence this is my web log, or blog.    Of course, all blogs exist in the blogosphere.  “Blogosphere (alternate: blogsphere) is the collective term encompassing all weblogs. Weblogs are heavily interconnected; bloggers read other blogs, link to them, and reference them in their own writing. Because of this, the interconnected blogs have grown their own culture” (check it out at: en.wikipedia.org).    Blogs have become incredibly popular, even in schools, which is where I work (identity concealed).  In fact, a guy at NECC this year said “you must blog.”  If I must…  So here I go.  Kinda catchy, “you must blog it.”  When a problem comes along  You must blog it  Before a thought sits out too long  You must blog it  When something's going wrong  You must blog it   now blog it  into shape  shape it up  get straight  go forward  move ahead  try to detect it  it's not too late  to blog it  blog it good   That’s the ticket!  Blog it good!
