 Some days I feel so bloody old. It's the way I remenisce over old times and experiences I had when I was younger. And I think it's the fact that I do this so oftern is what makes me feel like a bit of a dinosaur. Maybe I'm being overly aware of the changes that have occurred over the last few years. I'm 26 and that's really nothing in the scheme of things. But I had such a crazy time from 16-22, 23 that I can't help but sometimes feel in awe of the times I've had.  I imagine alot of us go through it but I seem to be the only who keeps talking about it.  I think I'm a narcissist. I think I think about what I think about way too much. Am I overly concerned with the way I perceive myself? Why do I always have to feel "good" about every situation. Even when I'm with a person, when we part I always feel the need to make the parting "smooth and clean".  No awkward goodbyes and whatnot. But then I think that because I'm already anticipating the situation that makes it awkward. Anybody else ever feel like that?  Why do I always have to find the things that I think are wrong with me and then make a strategy of how I"m going to combat and resolve those inequities? How good it would feel to say: I'm selfish, I smoke too much pot, I'm cheap, I always need things to be 'even'  AND THAT'S HOW I AM. DONE. No plan, no outline to correct my traits gone awry. I bet people live like that. It must be fucking great! And very freeing....  We took grandma out for lunch today to celebrate her 78th birthday. I wrote on her card: P.S. You don't look a day over 50!!  I thought it was rather clever and tongue in cheek for a variety of reasons. In fact I thought it funner to say 50 as opposed to 20 seeing as 20 is such a stretch it's not conceivable. Either way i don't think grandma got it. "oh, we better not let anyone see this" was her response. Shit, then I felt like an asshole and even when were at lunch I kept thinking about how uncool it was, and I couldn't shake the feeling that everything wasn't perfect and smooth. Aya.  Gram gave me a slew of goodies, and I've finally got something from the family to hold onto. Thank God
