 Im Tessa. Im 16 years old. My little boy Ian is now 11 1/2 months. Everyday I look at him and am just amazed by how big he's getting. my life has changed so much since I had him. I mean who could believe that just over 2 years ago I was on my way to being in the "popular crowd". I was Miss Suzy High School. I hated it and I hated me. Prentending that I loved cheer. Don't get me wrong cheer is great just not for me. I don't have the patcience or the determination to give up that much time to one lousy sport.   I hated pretending that I loved hanging out with my boyfriend. I gave up all my friends for him. I loved him but I definitly missed my friends. Critter was so controlling. Always telling me who, what, where, and when. He let all his friends just walk all over me.    But that's changed. I got pregnant at the young age of 14. Critter didn't want to believe it. I was making it up supposedly to get him not to break up with me. Ya right! I loved him but I'm not that pathetic. I was too scared to tell my parents. So I waited until I was 5 1/2 months along. Too far along to keep hiding it. I don't think I've ever seen my parents so mad. They were convinced that I couldn't handle a baby so I'd give him up to my parents. My mom can't have any more children and she's always wanted another. But i knew differant, I knew i could handle a baby. I fought over every little thing with them. I was so stupid about the true rights for teen parents. I believe my parents when they said that I had to do with that baby what they wanted me to. So I let them talk me into giving Ian my stepdad's last name. Ian Matthew Kubitza. Everyday since they talked me into it I've regreted it more than you can imagine.    One thing that I was right about was that I could handle a baby. I'm the one who deals with temper tantrums, dirty diapers and late nights.  Don't get me wrong, without my mom I never could have made it this far. My mom watches Ian when I go to school and when I work. I still go to school full time and I'm going to start nursing next year through a program in my HS. I can't wait. I also have a part time job now. Granted it isn't the best but hey it's something!    My life is definitly better. I don't hate myself or my group any more. I do the things in school that I want not what looks cool.
