 Well for someone with an abundance of thoughts spilling out of her head, I'm having difficulty committing to writing them down. Maybe it's the heat, as we usually experience a much shorter summer . It's not as green and lush here as in previous summers. This global warming isn't just talk.      People are coming and going in my household. My youngest son Kevin has just returned from his week long summer camp. I was abit horrified to find that he had certainly packed along a visually controversial book for a christian based camp. I'm glad they didn't find it in his possession. They might've freaked out just looking at it, (Diablo, legacy of blood). He's almost fourteen and plays Diablo on the computer all the time. It looks like a skeletal grim reaper on the cover of it. Ahh, the joys of a young teenage boy. The sounds of his drumkit pounding on a summer's day, with our windows open for the neighbourhood to enjoy. The young teenage 'friend that is a girl' that comes to call, all giggles and cute.      My 'middle child', Kimberly, now twenty and working hard is two weeks away from flying back east to start her third year of university in Toronto. The anguish she'll experience to leave her boyfriend behind, once again. Been there, done that, but what does a Mom know. I think she's got it made, with her girlfriend in a great apartment downtown Toronto. Two girls going to school and experiencing life in a big city. Wish I had that opportunity at that age. What's the rush for commitment? I don't know too many young guys with a game plan at twenty. And that is alright, so they take abit longer to figure it out. Why botch them up forcing them to make decisions concerning women at such a young age? But I am the Mom, what do I know about such things. Hmmm.      I have one more 'child'. At this age, my least stressful one. Trevor, he's twenty-two. He's working full time, does apprenticeship training six weeks out of the year, he's doing OK, not too much to worry about there. He's a happy guy. His PIA days were when he was about 14- 16. He's got a very nice girlfriend, keeps him in line.      Well maybe I'll stop there for today.My real stresses are in the toothful tales of working in my dental office. I'll save that for another day....
