 Why, hello there. Is it normally this difficult to start one of these things? I'm trying not to plunge into a sea of various results of hallucinogenics straight away, so instead I'm going to approach the problem of how I'm going to start this thing off... But I guess I already have !! Well, that was easy !!  I suppose I should introduce myself. Hi, I'm Laura. *shakes hand* I'm thirteen, and I live in a large town (or small city. But hey, the glass is half full) called Livingston, which is in Scotland, located near the capital. I was born on the 29th of September 1990, which makes me a Libra (the most utterly boring sign in the zodiac).  I go to a Catholic high school (St. Margarets R.C. Academy) which I like to refer to as "The Convent." I am, in fact, a baptised Catholic, although I wouldn't say that was my religion as I don't practice it (unless that couple of times that I picked up the Bible when I was in a 'contradicting everyone' mood counts...). Actually, you could say that me and God have some issues to work out. I suppose you could call me an Atheist, although I did mess about with Magik for a while...  This is like my seventh attempt at a diary, as I just seem to start them, get bored and then move on to start another one. But, as you are my diary, you are required to have a name (See? At least the Diary of Anne Frank inspired me in SOME way).  And you shall be called... Tai. I like that name, I got it off of Rhyan, who wants me to me called Tai when I become a transexual. Personally I'd rather be named Bert. That's a masculine name. I tried to look up Tai on a names and meanings website, to enlighten myself onh the wisdom behind it. This is my result:  Name: Tai Origin: Chinese Meaning: 'Very big'  ...That'll do me. *wink*  Hum. Isn't it ironic how I have just spent about an hour setting up this account and fixing my profile to look all nice, and when I start writing my first ever entry... I get writers block. Oh, speaking of irony, my friend Sian and I were in Bathgate on Monday, and as we were walking to the chippie an NHS van drove past us... and the driver was smoking.   ...Well this seems like a sufficient introduction, so I'm away laughing on a fast camel.  Entry Closed
