 I feel like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz!  Except that instead of a tornado, the State Department has come to disrupt my life.    My background:My mother was an OMS for many years and retired in 2002. I never lived with her overseas but the kids and I did get to visit Addis, Dhahran, Riyadh, Barbados. She was always after me to take the FSWE so I did twice in the early 90's.  I didn't pass either time so I thought it wasn't meant to be. I became the teacher I always dreamed of being.   Well, life changes.  My oldest son was in college and after 9/11, he decided he wanted to make a difference and following grandma's lead, he wanted to join the FS.  He wanted me to take the FSWE with him for moral support.  Guess who passed?  Me.  I went to orals the first time in Nov and only scored a 5.1.  My son and I, along with another son had already signed up to take the FSWE again.  Guess who passed this time?  Me, again.  This time I did orals in July and received a 5.9.  Took forever to get my clearances through but then I made the register.  I was offered the June A-100 class but had the last class of my master's to finish so I declined. They then offered me September.    Did I really want to do this?  That has been the million dollar question! Or in the case of the FS, maybe the hundred dollar question. Do I want to leave my kids, have my husband leave his career, just to try something I may not like?  I have gone forward and taken all the steps but I still have days of doubt.  I have my first grandbaby coming on July 22.  How will I like leaving her?  My other son graduates from college in May, will I be here for it?  Another son is getting married in the spring.  How could I miss that?  No guarantees I will still be in the states.  What if I don't like being gone from everyone?  What if I miss teaching? What if I can't stand working in a visa mill?  Is everyone else in the 121st having these doubts?  I sent in all my paperwork on Friday.  I guess that makes it official. Time to get back to sorting 10 years of accumulated junk. At least my house is getting clean!
