 It has been crazy getting here, as I started this journey on 24th April. I have just started working again last week. I set off late on Saturday with my pick-up truck and a U-Haul trailer full of all my stuff and made it to Arizona (2415 miles) in 3 days. The truck then promptly broke down 70 miles away from my cousin’s house! What are the chances of driving that far and then it packing up on her doorstep?   After 2 weeks the mechanics at the garage managed to figure out the computer had gone on the truck and that is why it had stopped which would have been great if it had not been the air sensor that was the problem. Although I did get to do some of the best mountain biking of my life in a place call Sedona, AZ so who cares?!   With the truck still out of action, I was forced to ride to California on my Triumph 955i motorcycle, through some of the best desert roads on the planet - life is hard sometimes! When I got to California, Scott a friend of mine put me up in his house in Orange County, which was very cool of him as I stayed there for 3 weeks and he never once complained about the smell. I had a copious amount of job interviews during this time and was offered a number of them, but in the end I have gone back to working for Rentokil-Initial for the third time!   Therefore, with a few weeks to kill before I was due to start working again, I went off for a ride on the Triumph up through the mountains of California to Lake Tahoe. Tahoe is one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen and well worth a visit if you are ever out this way. I then rode back down through the deserts of Nevada past Area 51 and Death Valley to Las Vegas and back to my cousin’s house in Arizona. It was good to relax, do some camping, laugh and point at fat Americans and take some time out.    So I am now back to working in the Tropical Plants Division, selling plant services (selling flowers in San Francisco may sound a little gay to you and to be far it is!!).   I am happy out here in San Jose, it is incredible. It has a wonderful climate, is close to the sea and mountains, San Francisco is also really close and Lake Tahoe is only 3 hours away for some great snowboarding!! I am so happy to be out of New York!  Thanks for visiting my blogger!  Ian
