 I'm not complete idiot. I'm not the person you think I am. I'm not putting my name for my saftey, for the fear of being ridiculed by my peers. This is a record of my life and this is how I intend to keep it.  I was never the most popular boy in school. I couldn't do magic nor could I hold a wand right. Brooms I could never control, and potions I never could suceed. I was not very smart, until I had a inspiration. Ronald Weasley, thats who. He was nothing then, but I knew that he was to be the future Samurai. I studied harder than ever, and was ridiculed by my brothers more than ever before, and I dared not to tell them my plans. My brothers spited me, or should I say my half brothers. I had in all, 2 brothers, all older. Kenji and Kenshin were at large, and the two Samurais, not to mention. I am just a mage, a fire mage. Fire mages were not fun to be because they have bright firey colored hair. This, I have, But the hot temper I do not have. Project 1242 (AKA The Weasley Project) would raise my success rate more than ever.  I soon studied very hard, but the years passed and soon it was too late to pull my plan off. So, I spent days of thinking and finally figured out what to do. I would aim my sights at the next decendant. His name was Riley Cook, and he was not born yet, so I had more time than ever. I studied hard and got stronger. You may not yet know my plans but here they are: I will become Riley's master so he will gain respect for the lost brother of the Samurais. This was my plan, well, the base of it. In my mind (and in millions of folders and disks) I went through the plan over and over again. It was completely full proof by the time Riley was born, but yet I kept gaining more and more knowledge of things around me and got stronger and stronger, but I did not change the way I looked, I did not want to scare the kid like I know Kenshin and Kenji would do.  I must stop writing now because my Ri is waking from a nightmare and I feel the need to comfort him.
