 I'm trying to understand a couple of things of wildly different importance.  First post is baseball.  Major League Baseball's insistence that their All-Star game decide which league receives the privelege of home field advantage in the World Series is ridiculous.  This policy blows my mind.  There are so many inequities in allowing a collection of individuals from different teams to come together and decide an important post-season rule such as home field advantage.  First of all, as evidenced by last night's debacle, one person's failure can crush an entire league's hopes.  Roger Clemens comes in and lays an egg and the next thing you know the National League doesn't have a chance.  This year's example is particularly strange, since A.L. batters came into the game with the luxury of having faced Clemens multiple times—something most N.L. hitters could not say about their encounter with Mark Mulder to start the game.  Also, because of MLB's insistence that at least one player from each team be represented, players with no real vested interest in which league gets home field advantage are deciding the outcome.  I doubt Livan Hernandez is particularly concerned with the post-season this year.  So if he faces someone like Derek Jeter, the stakes are unequal to the point of unfairness.  Another thing about all of the "This Time it Counts" garbage is the fact that the game is still played like an exhibition.  If the game is really supposed to count, then I want Barry Bonds in for the whole game.  I don't want Roger Clemens pitching on a couple hours of sleep because of all of his All-Star festivity obligations.  I want Mike Piazza, not Johnny Estrada (no offense to the promising young catcher), trying to make up a 5-run deficit.  I mean, I'm a Cubs fan.  They have a chance to play in the World Series and it makes a huge difference to the club and fans alike whether more games are played at Wrigley Field.  But that point is moot because the All-Star game is supposed to be an exhibition.  What would be the point of naming Estrada as an All-Star if he didn't get a chance to play.  It's all just stupid.  It's an idea that never should have been let out of the think tank.  Baseball should take a page from the NBA and NFL.  The team with the best regular season record gets home field advantage...it's pretty simple, really.
