 Okay... so maybe this thing is the new livejournal bandwagon. Who knows. Don't really care at this point. I'm far too lazy to maintain my own blog atm, so this is going to work just fine for me.   I find myself wondering why I persist in this constant struggle with my shape. It seems like no matter how much I cut back or how much I exercise, I don't change all that much. I'm supposed to hit the Dr in 2 weeks to have her tell me I'm too fat. Thrilling, eh?   Also we have shifting managerial garbage over at work, and that has me stressed out. I  want  assistant manager really badly. I don't know if it'll ever happen. At this point, I'm afraid to transfer over to the other store I'm offered right now because of a few things.  One, the store itself is a nightmare. Everyone steals. Employees, customers, you name it.  Two, It's huge. More work. I feel like I bust my ass as it is. The story I hear about the new place is that no matter what happens, no matter what you do, it always gets undone. No matter how fast. You come in next shift and it's a warzone.  Three, The drive time. I don't want to commute again. I like having my 5 minutes to and from.  Now.. it's a good thing to transfer. Bigger store = more money and more hours. But that doesn't mean that it'll compensate for the amount of time taken from my day or the cash guzzling car's gas tank I'll be paying out the nose for.  The largest deterrant, however, is the fact that I'll have to close during the week. I don't want to. Closing's a pain in the ass. Sure, it's the easier of the two shifts, but hey, I don't like being up that late and not having anything to do when you get home because it's too late to watch a movie and you're too wound up to sleep. The only plus to that is that most likely, I'd no longer have to do inventory shifts.   At any rate, I decided not to take it. I just have to call the boss and tell her tomorrow. I want it, but they'd have to at least give me a 1.15 raise just to have me do it. That's what my time's going to cost them if they want me down there that badly. Which they won't. Heh.
