 This is kind of a wierd thing, having the opportunity to write about nothing in particular with no intended audience.  I'm not really sure if this is something I will do or not, but maybe I'll give it a whirl and see how it goes.  Basically, here's my story: I'm from a small town in southwestern Minnesota.  I grew up raising cattle and growing corn, wheat, and soybeans.  I had and still have both my parents as well as a brother and two sisters.  I was a smart kid in my high school and was always in the top of my class.  I never partied or got in trouble and was generally a good kid.     Then I went to college.   I went to NDSU in Fargo, ND in the fall of 1997.  There I learned to appreciate the sweet necture of life that was and is beer.  There I met some of my best friends and learned of the best mixes of all manners of alcohol.  We partied hard for 2 wonderful years.  Then, I got a letter from the dean.  I was asked not to come back to NDSU in the fall.  They figured that having 2 years to think about things, I'd be better off.     Well, what's a guy to do?     This guy decided he needed to get his head on straight.  I went out to work as a camp cook at a bible camp I had went to as a kid.  It was a rustic fort in the Black Hills of South Dakota with no electricity or running water.  All I had to cook with was a fire and a hand pump.  It was wonderful.  We'd shower only once a week, hike miles a day, and have lots of time just to commune with nature.     While I was out at the camp I talked with a friend who was changing schools.  The four-year schooling at a "typical" college was wearing on him and he needed something different.  He was joining up with a buddy that went to a Tech School for Fluid Power Technology (hydraulics and pneumatics primarily).  Well, I thought that sounded as good as any options I had so I signed up over the phone.  Never set foot in the building til the first day of class.  Turned out, that was one of the best decisions I ever made.   But, that's probably enough for now.  If anybody's even reading this, I'll fill some more in later.   Cheers, Drewbie
