 Dear my bathroom mirror, I've been roaming around in the empty street.  Coming home to an empty room.  Talking to an empty wall.  And afraid filling an empty glass.   I've been weird these days.  and more to that i've been turning my face around way too much.  So much it leads me to this question.  I really hope you can answer.   "what is movin on, dear friend?"   What is it really?  Is it driving twice faster everytime you pass those places that have THAT memories?   Is it turning the radio off soonest you hear those songs that scream THAT memories?  Is it turning your car around close to home, just because the thought of finding yourself alone in an empty room becomes an unbearable thought.    Is it forcing yourself to be around people as much as you can, no matter how it kills your inside, and how you feel much emptier in the more crowded places.   Is it burning all the objects that has anything to do with THAT memories.   Is it asking your boss to give you more assignement, so that you can bury yourself in it, no matter how tired you are already. Just so you dont have to think about THAT memories.   Is it finding yourself in the arms of randoms strangers, and finding yourself in the more strange rooms with strange smells, among huffings and puffings from these stranger whom language you cant even understand, only to avoid those feelings resemblance to THOSE memories.    Is it not letting your glass run out of vodkas in those bars, where you can forget how awkward it is to dance with an empty feelings, and then fill your frozen stare with more vodkas, so that the most you would care about is not to fall face first.   Is it logging off twice faster than the lightning whenever you see him go online.   Is it saying you're fine thousand times to yourself.   Is it finding yourself putting on more make up than what you used to do, just so that you dont look pale.   Is it turning your face around twice as much whenever you see any guys walking with blue checkered shirt and cargo pants.   Is it numbing your feelings. Is it freezing your inside.  Is it killing who you were before and becomes a whole lot of different person.   Or Is it leaving this island?   What is it dear friend?  --------------------------   I love myself. I deserve better. I am moving on.  I will be okay.  I have valium now.
