 Well this is my time writing a blog. I feel kind of scared expressing my feelings to everyone. Well anyway, today i read The House on Mongo Street a very interesting book. It made me think a lot. about many things. how some people have dreams and goals and are destined to accomplish there goals. My goal in life is to be a good muslim and have good morals. I have been so confused lately about so many things in my life I feel as though i need to go out and see the world more and go and discover my self and find out who I really am. I feel so lost and tangled. I feel as though I need to become a person of my own do what i like and not just do whatever everyone else tells me to do. I also need to become a more confident person every step or decision i make in my life i feel as though something wrong may happen i need to mature and be myself. The other day i was speaking to my brother-in-law and i was just talking to him and telling him how ive wanted to do accounting my whole life and he said that i was not capable of doing so ofcoarse he was joking because he laughed later...but that made me think that some people think of me as if i am immature i dont know how to prove to everyone that im not that little girl anymore. i am the youngest out of 5 girls. In a way i am very happy and thankful of allah that i have 4 sisters a mom dad and 3 brother-in-laws who look out for me. but sometimes i feel as though i need a little privacy i dont always want someone to be there watching every step i take i need to learn from my experiences and in order to experience i need a little space. which i feel as though im not getting. im not sick of anyone i love my family from the bottom of my heart and i want them to be there for me all the time and i am there for them 100% whenever they need me, no doubt, but now a days i just want to go out and experience the world. When i say experience the world i mean i wanna be able to hang out with my friends more often not only in school but out of school. i wanna be able to go to Florida to my sisters place by myself without my sister bushra being with me. i want my parents to see that im not a little baby anymore. but because i have rules that i have to fallow i cant do all of this. anyway thats enough for now im so tired right now im gonna go to bed....peace out!
