 Well, here I am. I decided to start a blog. Now, I am not entirely sure why I decided this for a number of reasons. 1. I am rubbish at writing journals/diaries/most things, so this is not going to be very good 2. I don’t really know anyone on this thing so no one is actually going to read it, but I guess it might be therapeutic...or something 3. I live a relatively boring life, so there is not going to be that much to write in here.  So apart from all them, this seemed like a good idea at the time!  A few days ago I came back from a holiday in America. America is awesome. If you ever get a chance to go, you should. And if you’ve already been then... go again! I had a simply marvellous time! Visited both New York and Orlando... had to go to Disneyland. new York is like no where else, I stupidly thought London was a big, busy, over-crowded city, but it is nothing next New York City. I am not sure if I would want to return, as i have now done the whole statue of liberty, show on Broadway, baseball game thing... but saying that I do think I would like to go back with a bunch of mates and just go crazy! Florida was... well... hot. And heat does not like me much. Therefore I tried to avoid it by standing under lots of fans. Despite this, I still managed to get heat rash and a severe case of sun burn. I think the sun does this to me on purpose. I also discovered that universal studios is better than Disney land... I couldn’t tell you if the rides at Disney land are better than those at universal studios, mainly due to the fact that I couldn’t get on half of the rides at Disney due to the immense amount of queuing it would have taken. Queuing that I can not be arsed to do.  Hmm... this is the end of my first entry. I do not want to end it here as I do not think i have really told people much, but my brain works in mysterious ways... possibly through the use of 3.5 small monkeys and lots of sticky tape... but however it works, it does not want to think of any more to write right now.
