 Super Smash Bros. Melee is my most favorite game in the world. It is a four-player fighting game that has super simple moves compared to other fighting games. However, don't think that it is an easy game to beat and no fun to play. You still must master moves for a character just like you would for any other fighting game. You have to know when to sidestep dodge, jump, and attack your opponent. You have to know when to roll behind and when to retreat. Only true master can beat Giga Bowser and the Master and Crazy hand!  Not only do you have to beat Classic, Adventure, and All-Star mode, you also have to beat all the event matches and get all 290 trophies! This is a must have for any Gamecube owner, and that means YOU! Buy it now! I am saying this out of my own love towards the game, and I am not a walking advertiser :)  Recently, there was a Melee Tournament in our area, and out of two and a half pages worth of people, guess who came out first...ME! I got hoards of stuff! I love being the best at Melee! Surprisingly, they never got me down to one life! It consisted of many three life stock battles. I brought my memory card and they let me use it because they had NO characters. I have 100 percent beaten that game.  Also, I have kept a profile name. It has over 1000 wins and around fifty losses. No, I play my brothers and Level 9 CPUs. I stopped the playing timer at 9,999:59! That's around 163 hours, and I know that I played more than that! I am a freak of this game and have emailed Nintendo multiple times on when the next Super Smash will come, but they said there has been none announced. If you know PLEASE TELL ME. I hope the DS will have the game. Just think... PORTABLE SUPER SMASH!!!  If you think you can beat me in Melee, I think I can beat you. You may not be easy, but I'm trying to become the best in the world! Come talk to me If YOU LOVE SUPER SMASH BROS. MELEE!!!!  I also have the original Super Smash Bros., but I think it's nothing compared to Melee. All you have to do in that game is throw. It's fake, but I still like it. You can talk to me about that too.  Dr. Mario is cheap!
