 Cameron woke up at 4:00 a.m. from a strange noise coming from the kitchen. She thought it must have been Mrs. Chives from upstairs doing something. Cameron is a cautious girl, so she got up to check it out, just in case. She grabbed her pepper spray from the drawer of her bedside table and slowly walked towards the kitchen door. She pushed the door half way open, quietly, and stuck her head inside. She looked around the kitchen, but didn't see anything. Being annoyed by the whole ordeal, she dragged herself back to bed. She almost fell asleep again, untill she heard someone humming at the end of the hallway, with a woman's voice. Cameron is also a very down-to-earth girl, so she tried to find a reasonable explenation for it... it's like a reflex. "Maybe someone is lost or something..." she said to herself in a trembling voice. The humming sound kept getting louder and more intence, and the room got a bit cold. Her bedroom door was half open, and the only thing that lit up the room a bit was the moonlight, shining through the window. She kept staring at the hallway and breathing heavily, listening to the humming sound. She thought of asking who it is, but she wasn't that bold. Out of the darkness from the hallway, she could see two bright red eyes... she just sat up on her bed and had her eyes wide open. She didn't know what to do, so she panicked. She closed her eyes tight and tried to convince herself that it was just a dream. As soon as she opened them, she saw a shadowy figure standing at the foot of her bed, with the bright red eyes. It whispered something to her, but she couldn't understand it, mostly because she was terrified and extremely anxious. It reached over to Cameron's face, and she could see it's hand in the moonlight, it was as white as snow. Before she could do anything, her window opened and someone jumped inside! The figure with the red eyes turned, facing the other person. It started hissing, and it vanished in thin air. Cameron couldn't believe her eyes!      Who is that someone who saved her?   Did you like my story so far??? If you want to find out who that person is and what that creature was doing there, read my next post!!! ;)
