 so first and foremost i have to give credit to nichole who brought me up to 2004 and introduced me to this whole blog thing. i have a feeling i am going to become an addict.   so i signed up for this and they asked me to fill out a profile and then proceeded to cut and paste whatever they wanted out of it. example, i wrote a whole paragraph about how i was so happy that they made the question "name your favorite books" because usually it just asks for one but then proceeds to ask for your favorite TV showS. i capitalize the S because they want it to be plural. as if you should be watching more TV and reading less. i guess it's easier and most people filling out these surveys are not interested in writing for hours about their favorite reads, but instead about what happened last night in nick and jessica. actually i could tell you because secretly kate and i watch it and then wonder what it would be like if MTV came and filmed us....i'll leaving wanting more only because my point of this is i am being censored in the wrong way. you see i promote reading and educating yourself, you know seeking the truth, finding your own path and they cut that shit out. what the f**k? oh i just realized this is correct, oh my bad this is the new interpretation of the first ammendment. sorry thanks for the correction. i forgot we are all suppose to be getting our news from FOX and nevermind the independent thinking it wears on the brain, let someone else do it for you. okay nevermind, just disregard what i just wrote and recommence status quo.  so already i love this blog thing except i don't think anyone is going to read it. but it's okay i already feel better, it's like free therapy...i mean someone may read it and laugh or think oh this poor girl, how pathetic...but whatever i can write about all my shit and if kate wants to catch up on what i am thinking (because she always says, "i don't know what you are thinking") she can log on and read instead of strong arming me into watching nick and jessica.
