 :Today was actually a good day! First I woke up around 8am n' I had to clean my room, if I didn't clean it then i wouldn't been able to go to the Summer Sizzler with my babi Paden! (which im happy i went but ill tell ya bout that part when i get to it lOl) Then I had to clean the living room up n' this was around 6:30 n' Paden called n' said he was lost trying to find my house n' my mom told his dad where to go, then they finally got to my house! Paden came to my door n my mom was like "Come in Paden" n' she was making me embarrassed saying all kinds of stuff lOl! But then we left n' got to the Summer Sizzler n' i thought no gurls that i knew were going to be there but it turned out Kori Penland was there! We had a blast sliding down those slides n' racing threw that thing! Korky cheated..this lil kid got in my way which I couldn't just push em down I had to wait n' that made her win so she was like "Oh I won 2 times"! Cheater! lOl I still love yew Korky! Then me n' her went back and talked to Paden n' the other f*bawlers, then we all had to go in the thing and listen to Coach Ellis talk n' me  ; Korky were like what is he saying?lOl n' then Paden,Me,Korky,Jake,Luke,Travis, n' other f*bawlers went back out n' played f*bawl! (I can throw it straight now..ya-yuh lOl) n' me n Paden were all huggy n' gooshy n' all that good stuff n' then we kizsed (1st kizs he*he) Then me n' Paden had to leave so we went to his car and waited for his daddy,mommy, n' nanny in the car n' then he put his arm around me n' we kissed again (this was better then the 1st time) I was just like ya-yuh in my head lOl! Then his parents n' nanny got in the car n' we left n' they took me home n' Paden walked me inside n' he was going to meet my sister but she wasn't home so that sucked but then we hugged n' he said he'd call me tomorrow so ya-yuh! I love you so much Paden, your the best boyfriend ever and the sweetest! Well that was my day I'll put more of my days in here when I want to! Be safe n' I love yaw!:
