 My first post in this new journal that I've opened and am right now trying to think of something interesting to write. My name is not Catelina, but I've had friends think that it was, because I get referred to it very often. My sister calls me Catelina Marguerita, and once when I told a friend that and I commented that I was an alcoholic drink, they said "delicious". It gains some strange, perhaps unusual responses.  I am at university at the moment, studying a bachelor of science and am presently contemplating where it will take me. In no way, whatsoever, do I want to be a Scientist or a teacher. I am enamoured with the idea of becoming a doctor, and believe that the glasses which I got a week ago will aid me in my quest to take up this occupation. Yes, I do believe glasses make you smarter; it's a nice way to look at things, isn't it? But, seven years is an awful long wait to take up when you're craving in the most facist sense to be away from the world of studying.  I saw a pile of Medical lecture notes on sale at the university book store for $1.45, and was so utterly tempted to pick one up, pay for it, and go and sit in on the lectures. Then, when I finally get there, I will know most of the content and will breeze through the course... perhaps.  I have lived in the same house for all eighteen years of my life and my parents have been married for over 30 years, which in this day and age, is an achievement in itself, seeing as so many of my friend's parents are divorced, separated or estranged. I have a friend, who has moved so often in her life and craves to leave the place where she lives right now and for a time in our past, was so angry at me, I have come to realise, that I didn't want to go with her. But what people don't seem to understand is that living in the same house for so long, with parents who still love each other and siblings who are not on anti-depressents, is a remarkable, albeit maybe boring, life. I cannot think of a place I would rather be, even if I have only been on a plane once in my life and that was six months ago.
