 Yesterday when I was browsing I found this link. How? I can't even remember, I was looking for something totally different. I started reading some of the blogs and since I've been so lonely lately, I decided to try to write some of things that come to my mind. One of the things that I can start talking about is how my life has change from last year. Now I'm single again. I got a divorce. I can't say all the fault was his but mostly yes, he cheated on me. I think the hardest part has past. Now I need to look forward and try not to think about ...what if? I did everything possible to save my marriage, because I have a little daugther and I wanted her to have a family ...forever. The same way I did when I was single (the first time). I'm so lucky to have the parents I have and the sisters I have. Now I appreciate all the efforts that both my parents did to keep us all together and happy.  (Today is the birthday of one of my sisters, by the way) So, the point is that all the perspectives I had about life changed with this tragic episode in my life. Really, everything I believed before is kind of ...gone. I just hope that divorce is not the same for everyone, because mine has been hard mostly probably because of the relegion beliefs I had. I said I had cause now everything looks so different. I'm so happy for all the people that has found love, true love, now I realize that having someone to share your time and ideas is one of the most imnportant things we can have, more than money. (Of course money always helps). Sometimes I think if I will be able to trust again, you know as a partner and find someone that I can count on. Someone to grow old and have wonderful memories, Do you think is there such a person for me? Last night I was thinking about all the relationships I have had in my life and always end up the same way. Men cheating or maybe is me being to naive.   I'm liseting Rod Stewart an old song, I like to liseting the oldies, well I'm not that young, I'm 43, although I don't feel so old. I like to exercise and do a lot of things with my daugther and her friends. I guess most of the tv shows I know are from Disney channel. An about movies well most of the movies for kids. I have had so many challenges in my life but definetely this one is one of the hardest to pass. I'll let you know how I'm doing later...
