 Everybody's been arguing today, and it's driving me out of what little bit of my mind that I have left. First of all, my mom wouldn't take me and my boyfriend(T.J.) to the mall. That was only the beginning, though..I'm usually the arguing one of the family, but she's acting like a fleeting psycho today! i don't know or really even care why she's so mad, but she doesn't have to fly off the handle at everyone who crosses her path! It's really bad when she only has 1 or 2 days off a week, and I don't even want to be around her. things just seem so much peaceful when she isn't even here. I don't think that's a good thing, but I know that me and her DON'T get along, and i'm not as upset when she's at work. It really sucks that i wish she actually was at work. It's okay though, I get to go shopping and go to work myself tomorrow, then on Wednesday I get to go to church AND see T.J. I really like him..he's like the "guy version" of me..He listens to the same msuic, and likes alot of the same movies, sports, and stuff that I do. I just can't get over all that we have in common. I just hope he isn't mad that my mom hasn't let me call him back..i have to wait until 9 to do that. i don't see why we have to use stupid cell phones. I wish we just had a normal phone, and I wish we were a normal family..If I told my parents that, they'd be like "well most of the time YOU are the problem"...Real good way to make your kid feel wanted, huh? Anyways, school starts back in a couple of weeks, so between school during the day, working at night, church on wednesdays and sundays, i probably won't be here that much anyway. *Yay* Plus since I'm a senior, I'll probably have alot of senior activities and stuff. Wow. I can't believe I'm going to graduate in june. This is exciting, but I don't know what I'm going to do afterwards..I guess i just need to worry about making it TO my graduation. I wish there was some way to make my parents understand me a little bit better, but I guess there isn't. Well, i don't know what else to say, i just hope i get to talk to T.J. or one of my other close friends, like Elizabeth, tonight...bye...
