 Hi, I'm Gabe's mom, Chrissi. Gabe [aka, Gabriel, bird, goo, goober] is my six month old son. He is a gorgeous little boy, he likes to eat, play, pull the cats' ears, coo, laugh, and nap with his daddy. Gabe also has spina bifida and hydrocephelus (sp?). It was quite a shock to learn that he had spina bifida. We went in for our 20 week check-up and everything was very normal. We found out he was a little boy and that he was growing well. At 28 weeks, i developed diabetes, that sucked, so we asked the doctor to do another ultrasound to make sure gabe wasn't getting too big, that was when we found out that his spine hadn't closed all of the way and that the ventricles in his brain were a little bit larger than they should be. Talk about overwhelmed, disoriented, and generally confused, we had no clue what the hell spina bifida was, let alone how we were going to deal with it! At 37 weeks, Gabriel was delivered by a wonderful team of doctors and rushed to the NICU to be prepped for surgery. For almost 2 weeks we couldn't hold him, nor could I breast feed, snuggle, or be very close to him. I think that the worst part was going home without him. He stayed in the hospital for 16 days. He had a shunt placed in his head when he was 14 days old. My husband was freaking out over the shunt, after all, they had to put it in his brain! Everything worked out fine, and he came home with us and we have been living pretty happily ever after. Ok, not quite, reality has a funny way of making the whole, "oh look we have a cute little baby in the house, isn't this fun??" be a little more like, "holy shit, i never sleep, i've worn the same clothes for 3 days, and i smell!!!" on top of this, we are dealing with a child who has to see special doctors, an hour away, i might add, and we are continually worrying about something going wrong.  The special doctors are still a reality, but we don't see them very often now, only about once every 3 weeks. Now at 6 months, gabe is a pretty normal baby. i am back to work at the Montessori school I teach at, and gabe comes with me. He loves all of my kids and they love him back. We are blessed that Gabe has a "low level" case of spina bifida, which means, he has bladder and bowel control, he will walk, and most people won't even realize has a birth defect! It still sucks, though....
