 I'm bored but strangly happy today. I did nothing today (except workout) and it was awesome. My color is Copper and I taste like honey. I like that; better than tasting like copper. Honey is sweet, so I think it fits me well; however it is also sticky and annoying. I shall ignore those attributes of the honeyness. But honey is pretty...and well, we've been over that before. And if you don't know what pretty is, pretty = hot. I know, I know; it's all very confusing. Just know that when a girl calls you pretty, its not that bad of a thing (Most of the time). My alarm clock just went off...how odd.  Julia called again, dont really want to talk to her. She and Crystal came out on Friday after the Fair fiasco. I went to Tiffany to escape them. I prolly would have had a VERY VERY good time, but I don't want to have the pressure of that looming over my head, should I decide to never speak to them again. Sure, Im not going to turn it down if its  right there , but with both of them here it would have been weird. Don't ask why, it just would have. Tiff says Im turning into a man slut. I disagree.  If these are the best years of our lives, I'm-a-thinking preimptive suicide may not be such a bad idea. I mean, just cut off the pain early, ya know? Nah, I wouldnt ever do anything like that, but it is an interesting theory. I do like to get things done early and death is a thing. heh. Don't know where this is going, but thats whats kinda cool. I think this is better than a Xanga. Kody's profile says that no one cares what I do all day. Well, shit,  I  don't care what I do all day. These aren't really for others to read, I mean they are, but they aren't. I see them as more of an outlet; for me atleast. I need money and I need alot of it. If I had money chicks would dig me. They would, they would. I need money, a cool hair cut and leather jacket. Hell, I wanna be The Fonze. He's one cool nigga. He can walk into a room, get some kickass music playin, some sweet chicks and get free food. Yeah, I wanna be the Fonze. Well, Im all out of brain power.   Copper / Honey , Out.
