 WhEEE!! First Entry! haA..anyway..today is shooo not my day! Crap. Haa..that stupid moniter didn't work today..Mr Shasi's lessons were the usual.boredom. Dexter, being sho xtra today, Mr Shasi called him to join in the briefing for the NCCs..lol, he reluctant man..then he had to go lah of coz..so xtra. Even the NCC in charge also laugh at him. Becox of the 'stupid' moniter, Physics lesson turns out to be a blessing in disguise..Ah Ong couldn't do any power point presentation!! Lucky us...otherwise, a huge crowd would be heading for the toilet.   Hey! No Cme today. Make me waste my CD to burn some stupid cme project which wasn't even important. ITS PINK MAN! Wasted...But its a free lesson today..No bad lah..still can't believe Mr Goh this kind of person would be called back for reservice...WeIrD...  Guess Lim Lay Yong forgotten all about us...where the hell did she go? No Lit lessons today as well..sianx..also good lah..if not, ruoying after lessons will probably start talking about the shaking hands incident. Haa..Ms Tock didn't come..must be that pregnancy problem again..its no surprise anymore..hope she comes often..I don't want to miss lessons..  So funny in Ms Ratna's lessons today. We had discussions on abortion. She showed us so many pics on aborted babies..so cruel..those irresponsible freakos..still give wad 'candy apples' crap..the guys are so damn funni when it comes to such issues..should hav seen ms ratna laugh today..hilarious!  Oh my god..Aaron was so aggresive today. Top let his leg out, Aaron just sort of tripped over it. Then Top quickly apologised then let his hand out to like say sorry lah..then Aaron slap his hand away and cursed Top. He mutter alot of vulgar language..scary man..  I finally bought my PE shirt..now my stupid mom wouldn't nag at me anymore. Missed Summer Scent...SHO DAMN SAD...Shall watch it tomorrow! dunno got time anot though..  They want me to bring Zy present tml? Isn't that a tid bit too early..not that I'm not anxious to see her expression..haaa  So when the hell is the teacher's day celebration exactly? Fri or Tue? Stupid making Jelly..so much work..this is simply nod fair!!  Ah yah...got so much home econs thing to do..troublesome ms foo..whoo!! Going to read teenage now! Buaiz!
