 Hello and blessed be to all! Well, this is the beginning of my new journal. I had one on AOL, but for personal reasons moved my writings of my escapades to BloggerLand. I've also had numerous physical journals and I've only recently started online journals. As you can see, I love to write. It is one of my greatest passions and sometimes I must write to feel better.  I'm also just as passionate about history, theater, and Paganism. So I guess you could call me a Pagan writer-actor-historian.   Lil' bit bout myself: My name's Brian and I'm 17, living in Hartford, CT. I go to Bulkeley High School and the Academy of the Arts, and I'm overall happy with that. I'm a senior now, and life doesn't seem any different. I guess it's because of my up bringing that I feel like that. You see, I live with my mother, stepfather, and three brothers and our family's pretty boring. For all you kids out there with no siblings, I HATE you. You are too lucky. Siblings-especially brothers-can be a pain in the arse. Trust me, I have three of them!!   A couple of things have made my existence a bit more bearable. Firstly, my faith. I am a proud and out-of-the-broom-closet Pagan who loves the Great Mother. I've been Pagan for five years, and my specialty is healing and the Tarot. I have more Pagan books than I don't know who, and for the most part they were worth the money. I'm also blessed with the gift of the arts. I have dabbled in just about all the arts: painting, photography, songwriting, puppetry, but my two favorites are theater and writing. Though I don't want to be a professional actor, I still at least want to be an  amateur  actor; amateurism deserves more dedication than a hobby, but not as much as a profession.  I just love the theater, but being a professional actor is too harsh a life for me. I want to be a history professor. It isn't as exciting as being an actor, but I love it nonetheless. It is also a very flexible career, and it'll allow me to write--my other passion.     I hope to one day be a published author, but right now I'm just writing. I usually never finish a story or elaborate an idea, but at least I'm writing it down. Eh? I write all kinds of shtuff, but short stories are my speciality. As I continue to write in my journal, I'll slip in a piece or two to entertain any and all.    Well, that's enough writing for now. Enjoy my escapades!!
