 Not really to state that I am an expert on what goes on in the world that we live in, but I wanted to share what I noticed and felt to be prominent. I am a musician. I write songs, and I am too afraid to perform, but I am not afraid to express my feelings or opinions. I wanted to share my first song with you. Please let me know what you think, or how it affected you. I want to know how other people interpret my lyrics.   Pleading      Death was the phase that made me realize   What a privilege it was to look into your eyes.   I could not take it, and now I'm in a daze.   Won't you give me tomorrow, like I had yesterday?      I walk around in the darkness of night.   It's very cold, but I can't go inside.   I stand there freezin' and still see your face.   I can't stop screamin'; I distance this place.      Won't you give me tomorrow, like i had yesterday?    Can I tell youI'm sorry and make the pain go away?   'Cause I can't go on walkin' and cryin' this way.   I'm tellin you I need you even though it's too late.      Lookin' back when I picked up my phone;   I heard those words and could not be at home.   i started divin', didn't say that you could go.   My heart stopped beatin'; I couldn't rescue my soul.      What makes you think that I could take us both,   and keep on treadin' through a thousand feet of snow?   You quit goin' yet I had to go on.   How could you do this? Can you see that yo were wrong?      Won't you give me tomorrow, like I had yesterday?    Would you talk to me about it? Could I block out all your pain?   Could I help you go on living, or could I take your place?   How could you do this to me? I want Yestrday.    So, let me know what you think. You can e-mail me at   urlLink  duck_lover69@hotmail.com   , or   urlLink  erica.baker@ichotelsgroup.com   .  This was the first song that I wrote. It came to me as I sat outside a movie theatre waiting for the show.  I would like to say that today was rather unproductive. I wanted to write music, but instead I have created this blog. Maybe more will come of the latter, than the music.  I guess that I will blog more later.   Until then I sleep, per chance to dream.  E.
