Been to the Dr. several times but not feeling satisfied with the results. Not sure where else to turn.
I'm not sure if this is allowed but I'm not sure where else to post. I didn't see any community rules? 

To start, I'm a 23/F with a history of cancer in my family. My great aunt had breast and my grandma had ovarian, my uncle had pancreatic and my sister had skin cancer. My uncle had lung cancer but he was also a smoker. I do have an appointment with my GYN on the 2nd of August and an appointment with a breast surgeon on the 8th of August. I'm concerned because I've seen both of these people before and have been given no answers other than "typical, dense, lumpy breast tissue."

About a year ago, I noticed a lump in my right breast slightly above the nipple.  I went to my GYN and had her look at it and she scheduled an ultrasound.  The ultrasound came up with nothing?  They didn't even see any sort of mass however it is very palpable.  I feel it most when I'm sitting up and it's the size of about a marble.  

A few months later, I felt like it had gotten a bit bigger and so I went back to my GYN and she agreed that it was more palpable than last time. So she referred me to a breast specialist. The breast specialist reassured me at the time that if the lump had been there for a year and remained relatively unchanged, it most likely wasn't cancerous. He did another ultrasound and again, came up with nothing.  He, however, wasn't able to feel what I am feeling?  He said that the fact that I could feel the lump when sitting up and not when laying down is a good sign because it is most likely just clumped up breast tissue.

Well a few weeks ago I noticed the lump was more pronounced than it had been before (to cope with my constant anxiety about this I pretty much tried to avoid looking/touching my breasts at all for a few weeks).  I laid down and felt where the lump is and now I can *definitely* feel it lying down where as I wasn't able to before.

And *now* I am feeling a weird spot on the other side of my nipple.  It's quite large so I'm inclined to think it could be due to caffiene consumption or something harmless.  However, for the last few weeks, my right nipple has been really sensitive.  It's uncomfortable to wear a bra, it's uncomfortable to not wear one, and touching it is just extremely strange feeling.  It's like there's a tender spot directly behind my nipple.  When I press down, it kind of zings all the way into my back and aches all over my right breast.  I also keep finding these little scratches on my breast which seem to show up out of nowhere.  They aren't really anywhere where the wire of my bra could be poking me or anything?  That may or may not be related but that's also been happening.  The skin of my areola is kind of itchy and getting a little scaly looking which is also a new development.

My left breast feels totally normal.  No lumps and bumps, no tenderness.  My right breast is noticeably larger than the left but I can't say with confidence that it hasn't always been that way.  I don't remember noticing it before last year but I also never paid much attention to my breasts until I noticed something abnormal. 

Anyway, I don't know what I'm looking for exactly I'm just kind of freaking out.  I feel like something is going on and I've had at least four ultrasounds in the last year and they've all come back blank.  The breast surgeon doesn't even seem to feel anything unusual even though I very clearly do.  This tenderness isn't normal and these lumps have absolutely not always been there.

EDIT: I meant to mention that last year I did quit consuming caffeine completely for about 6 months to see if it changed the size of the lump and it did not.