0 Recently been diagnosed with cancer? Take part in an international research study
Hello,

We are currently looking for people to take part in our research study on cancer survivorship and the emotional impact that cancer can have.   

Receiving a cancer diagnosis is a huge event in anyone’s life. Some people cope well emotionally, whilst others find it a distressing time. We believe that at such a difficult time, everyone deserves the best possible support. Our research study will compare those who are coping well with cancer, against those who are struggling. By studying the psychology of coping with cancer, we can create information and support systems to benefit everyone. To do this work, we need your help.

Anyone over 16 years of age who has been diagnosed in the last 12 months can take part. However, if you've been told that the cancer is Stage 4, palliative or terminal, then I'm afraid you can't take part. 

If you decide to take part we will ask you to complete an online questionnaire now, and then (if you’re willing to do so) again every three months for a total time period of two years. The questionnaire should only take around 20-30 minutes to complete, but you can take as long as you need. The questionnaire will include questions about your experiences and how this impacted your life. Some of the questions will ask about current mood, general coping strategies used, and quality of life. If there is a chance that this could be distressing, there is no obligation to take part and there is always the option to stop the questionnaire at any time. Any answers you give within the questionnaire are completely confidential and anonymous. 

If you would like to take part, please click the following link. This will take you to the survey and study information sheet. 

Link: http://www.domystudy.com/survey/index.php/841983?lang=en

As a thank you for your time, we will enter you into a prize draw where you could win a £50 Amazon voucher, or even an iPad Mini.

Thank you,

Rosie

This study is a collaboration between researchers at the University of Chester, University of Edinburgh, University of Sydney, McGill University and CanTeen. The Principal Investigator is Prof Nick Hulbert-Williams at the University of Chester.
