Cancer treatment and hearing loss
I think this is the first time I've ever posted on reddit? But I wanted some input from this community.

I was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer at the age of 24 and my treatment consisted of surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. I was then put on Tamoxifen for the next five years. At this point, I've been taking tamoxifen daily for just over two years. Anyway, on to the point of this post:

**I am very curious to know if anyone else has noticed hearing problems either during or after treatment?**

For a little over a year, I've noticed that I have a very hard time hearing people talk. A *very* hard time. I've sort of had this problem for a while: back in high school, I realized that I couldn't really hear what people were saying without my glasses because I apparently read lips a lot lol. This recent struggling is notably different, though, because I've been having to ask people to repeat themselves over and over, sometimes up to four times when I'm just sitting a few feet away from them, with my glasses on. I think when this was a problem around family it was easy to dismiss as nothing, but now that I've finally started working again (for the first time since being diagnosed), I've realized *just* how bad my hearing really is.

There are two other things that alarmed me about my hearing: my headphone use and the volume I use.

My whole life, I've been obsessed with music and that eventually turned into an obsession with headphones. I might have been behind on rent, but I always had at least two pairs of *good* headphones, in-ear and over-ear. I could (and did!) yak on and on about headphones and audio quality for an uncomfortable amount of time. I used to wear my over-ear headphones like a necklace, I couldn't be spotted without a pair for *years.*

And **in the last year, I haven't touched my headphones. I use speakers for everything now--and the volume that I use them at is *really* goddamn loud.**

I used to hate watching or listening to anything on speakers as opposed to headphones and whenever I did, it was always on a relatively low setting. I was sometimes impossible to watch TV with because I always felt the volume was way too high whereas others thought I kept it way too low. And now *I'm* the one with the TV blasting. I didn't notice that until a few months ago, when I kept raising the volume on my TV every few seconds for a few minutes and I finally realized how unnatural that was for me.

Anyway, I provide all this background only because I hope to make it clear that I didn't just spook myself after reading a few articles online. However, I did find a study indicating hearing loss may be worsened by tamoxifen, thus my curiosity peaked. Well... calling it curiosity is kind of sugarcoating it. **To be honest, I had a small breakdown because it just feels like no matter how good you might feel in general, every other month, you keep discovering these new side effects or symptoms or you realize you're *not* back at your full strength after all and... it just makes you feel helpless, like it'll never be over.** The treatment process already took so much from me at this age.. does it really have to take my hearing, too?

**TL;DR** - Fielding the breast cancer reddit community for anecdotes about any hearing loss experienced during or after treatment. I have a feeling it's more common than people know but not really noticed because it's kind of difficult to realize you're suffering from it. If the food you're eating tastes bland, you assume it's the food and not your tastebuds, you know? Not to mention older patients might just assume it's age, younger patients might assume it's related to headphones--which, by the way, this is something I totally acknowledge might be my problem. The reason I think it isn't my headphone use is because I distinctly remember that I originally lessened my headphone usage *during* chemotherapy. And I haven't even mentioned the constant pressure and occasional onsets of sharp pain I've felt in my ears for over a year now.

Anyway, I'm due for an appointment with an ENT doctor next week, I will be sure to update this post then.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3230769/
