30, breastfeeding, lump. Going for a mammography on Monday. BRCA2 maybe?
Hi all!

I really hope I'll be able to get out of this sub within a week or so, but now that I'm in the middle of the waiting stage I feel the need to share with people who get it.

I'm 30, mom of a 20 month old boy and we're looking to try for kid #2. Which is why I finally figured I had to see my GP. I've had a lump in my right breast for a while (4\-5 months at least, probably longer) but shook it off as breastfeeding weirdness. It's growing a little, though. I don't want to find out it's 'something' when pregnant (or preferably never!) so I went to get the 'it's nothing!' from my GP.

She referred me for a mammography (after reading more \- that seems that be step 1 if you're after 30 \- but as I'm breastfeeding I'm not sure it's necessary/very useful. Perhaps an ultrasound would make more sense?). The hospital in my city would have me wait 3 weeks. Luckily insurance is fine anywhere, so now I'll be seen on Monday (within 3 working days, instead of 3 weeks!).

\- Lump is \~1 cm, oval shaped. Can move, doesn't hurt.

\- GP didn't feel anything in my armpit.

\- Still breastfeeding \- I've had mastitis last year and they did an ultrasound at that time.  (Can't recall which breast that was...)

I don't know of anyone in my family who had breast cancer. However, I did do a 23andme last year and have my raw DNA data. I don't have the 3 big BRCA genes 23andme test for, but I do have at least one bad mutation in the BRCA1 group (you can analyse your raw data via other websites). And some other mutations that increase risk for ovarian and breast cancer. I'll be sure to let my doctors know about that. (I only found out about the BRCA1 because I searched for it specifically after getting the referral).

Obviously, my mind is going all sorts of places. I'm happy I have a funeral insurance, thinking of not ever being able to have more kids (doom scenarios, much!). I'm an information hoarder so I'm just trying to accept that part of who I am and go with the flow. Telling me to stay off Google or reddit is not going to help, so instead I'm trying to learn as much as I can. Best case I learn a lot of new stuff that might someday help me support others, worst case scenario I'm already up to scratch on some of the lingo and can go into whatever comes that much more prepared.

Edit: BRCA1, not 2.