Update on mom's diagnosis.
I'm sorry this is a very long story... I'm updating it as we go... I would really appreciate it even if you read only the last update and reply with any thoughts or suggestions. Thank you and God bless.

My mom (50) felt something under her armpit right breast. Went in for mammogram couple weeks later. Doctors saw a tumor approximately 1.4 cm they said. They ordered a biopsy right away. After a week doctor called my mother and broke the horrible news to her. The tumor is hormone positive (estrogen and progesterone positive). Also the lymph node was cancerous as well. Days later we met with the oncologist and she said that doctor told her at the time of the biopsy he felt tumor was bigger than 1.4 cm. It's more like 4-5 cm... They performed a CT scan and bone scan to check if it has spreaded anywhere else. My whole family and I are all in fear, although I'm trying to keep everyone positive and worry free but it's still pretty hard on us because it's first in family... We have a meeting with doctor and oncologist this week. I want to be prepared and ask the right questions such as treatments and questions about this cancer in general. Im willing to do anything to help out my mom. I started researching all kinds of different diets... (Alkaline, low asparagine diets...) She's not overweight or anything but like I said any help I can provide for her and help her beat this!! Please help me, help her!! 

Update: 02/25/18 // The oncologist called us and said that according to the CT scan, everything looks clear (Thank God) but the bone test showed one suspecious area (left iliac pelvis). Oncologist recommended MRI just to double check on that. She also hinted that the doctor would like to start with hormone pill therapy to shrink the tumor for about 3-6 months then surgery and remove it.

Update: 03/10/18 // My mom did another MRI for both breasts. Tumor showed to be bigger. (8 cm) also MRI on the pelvis. Still can't tell if it's cancer or not. Also bone test was done check on density of bones.

Update: 03/19/18 // Oncologist called again. She said after reviewing my moms case with different doctors at the meeting this time, it was suggested to do chemotherapy instead of the pills because they're not still sure if the left iliac pelvis is cancer or not... Three different tests and they still not sure... I told her that were looking for second opinion from different hospital and doctor... Idk what to do anymore.

Update: 03/21/18 // Had a meeting with the oncologist. She went over all the tests and scan results all over again. She said based on the latest MRI test of breasts and whole body. The tumor is 8cm and also shows 4 other lymph nodes cancer positive. Tumor is hormone positive. It has nothing to do with her2 positive or negative. Tumor is also a very low grade. (Grade 1.) Pelvis still is unknown if it's cancer or an age related fracture. Doing biopsy on it wouldn't be so easy because it is an very small area... So the whole plan changed based on the second hospital staff meeting. Now the recommendation is AC-T Chemotherapy FIRST. AC part will be standard 60ml given every 2 weeks x 4 cycles. T part would be once a week for 12 weeks. Then surgery and more likely mastectomy... Then arimidex pill therapy where it can go for 5-10 years... We're on our way for a different doctor and second opinion.

Update: 03/21/18 // Spoke with a different oncologist. This doctor is truly God sent! Right away he asked to get the all the medical records from all different hospitals and doctors... After looking at the most recent exams and tests he said he agrees nor disagrees with the previous oncologist; however, he called a very known radiologist to see if it's possible to do an biopsy on the pelvis bone. And the answer was yes. My mom is scheduled next week for the pelvis biopsy to see if it's cancer or not. Also doctor said to stop with the Anastrozole pills so biopsy results are more accurate. He also ordered an BRCA test. First day my mom didn't take the pill after 2 weeks now...The tumor is 8cm big already. It couldve been growing for a very long time and my mom still physically healthy and young so it wouldn't hurt to put a stop to the pill for little bit to get more accurate results. As of right now my mom is kind of against chemo. I did research as much as I can on what could be done instead of chemo... 

Update: 04/16/18// Spoke with the oncologist again. BRCA test came back negative so that means my mom is not carrying a gene and wasn't passed to her from previous family. Doctor said since my mom is young and in an healthy shape, do the full ACT chemotherapy regimen. That's to shrink down the tumor from 8cm to a reasonable size so with surgery they're able to remove it or possibly a mastectomy since it's big. Now, the tumor is grade 1, has not spreaded anywhere else and it is Estrogen and Progesterone positive. Doctor said since it's not anywhere else in the body, this is the best option and it is curable! My mom is afraid of chemo but now it's two doctors that have recommended the same thing. She's willing to do it but any other thoughts and questions I can ask the doctor for the treatment? 

Update: 04/23/18// Last update before chemo. Went in today for the port placement. It took about 1-2  hours total... Everything went well. Port was positive placed a the opposite side (left) of tumor. Approximately 7 days, she will start the chemo. She's still not happy about chemotherapy but knows that it will help her instead of hurtting her. God willing everything will go smoothly.