My mom was diagnosed today...
I'm 28 and my mother was diagnosed today. I'm still really processing the news, but I imagine my thoughts and feelings pale in comparison to what she's going through...

It puts a lot on my mind though. She's always had illness issues and rheumatoid arthritis and a host of mental issues including severe depression, bipolar, and drug addiction.

Essentially we've never really gotten along due to a lot of factors but I've always loved her and tried and tried again to be a part of her life. I'm now 28 years old and recently, for the first time, was able to connect with her and start building a relationship.

Sadly, she and my boyfriend got into it one day and she handled it in the same way she does most things in my life: light it on fire and watch it burn. So we ended up moving a short distance away from my home town to get some distance and try again at a relationship without living right next to one another.

My mother is an addict... But she has a big heart. She is a hard working woman, a suffering woman. She has been sexually assaulted, homeless, near death the addiction she had was so bad, and even close to dying from the various illnesses that have plagued her most of my adult life.

I have loved her with all of my heart, and I have despised her with every fiber of my being at various times.

And after four weeks of distance from the emotions and anger that we all had in our recent interaction, I was at peace with knowing the road ahead was still possible to build that relationship one day at a time.

And then suddenly, this past week, my mom woke up and had a large inch and a half by two inch lump in her breast. It was painful she said. Then she noticed a hard lump on her neck that same day, behind her ear. Then a lump on her head.

At first, we thought this was probably an infection, or maybe a cyst situation gone astray. Troublesome indeed, but not earth shattering. She'd go to the doctor when she could find time off work, it was decided, and all would be well.

I had a feeling something just wasn't right. Sure, the lump moved a bit. Sure l, it was painful, which is not typical. And sure the lump was sudden and large. Not to mention other areas of the body showing the same rapidly appearing odd changes.

I told her I'd feel happier if she'd take time off work that day and go to urgent care for a quick check up. 

And so she did. The tests came back, the doctor called personally with the initial results. The lump does not contain fluid... It is most assuredly cancer, he said, and it was important a more thorough diagnostic was completed as soon as possibly could be scheduled. 

The other locations, the doctor informed us, were indicative that this was either a cancer that has spread to her breast, and other locations, or more likely is a stage iv breast cancer scenario that has been rapid in developing. My mom was religious about being aware of her body and checked herself for any breast changes every single day. 

Suddenly her body was different. Suddenly it wasn't the same one she had known for 49 years. And suddenly this complicated person in my life, who fills me with rage and love, disappointment and pride, pain and triumphant joy, this person who I admire and pity... This person who I regard as both the best person I have ever known and the worst person I've ever known. Suddenly this person has become the center of my universe... 

And I don't know how to deal...I lost my father 6 years ago to suicide... And now from the timelines discussed with my mother and I, it is likely I will lose my mom before I'm thirty. Her immune system isn't very strong due to ramicade infusions for her arthritis so the outlook is fairly grim regardless of cancer type. 

My little brother is seven. If anything happens to my mom... Suddenly Im not just big brother anymore. So I'm processing this idea, and it's emotionally suffocating on top of the existing layer. 

There's so much happening around me right now, and in no way am I the one suffering most. But at the end of the day, I am suffering. And the pain is tremendous, regardless of my mixed emotions about her. 

She may be the reason for some of my worst memories in life. But she is also the focus of many of the best.  And I always imagined her being around, at least until I reached middle age and my brother was graduated from a college with fancy degree from somewhere he could always be proud of. And she'd be there for him like she never was for me because she is devoted to her second chance as a mother. Her way of making up for the mistakes of her past with me was to do right by him and show me she learned about being a mother through confronting that pain she created. 

But that progress will be cut short. I will be there for this woman I never truly understood but who loved me in her own way, as best she could. But soon, she will no longer be there for me, or my family, or her friends. I'm just...

Emotional tonight. 

I wanted to say something somewhere safe so that I can get all that out. Thank you guys for listening. 

TL;DR: My mom and I have a very strained relationship and her new cancer diagnosis has made me confront a lot of emotions all at once. 



