Falling back into it
I'm 16, and this weekend, I got into a big argument with my girlfriend of 7 months. We hadn't seen each other in 2 weeks, and our plans to see each other fell through. I tried to save our plans, but she seemed disinterested. I was so distraught and caught up in sadness and self-hatred that I, wanting to distance myself from the situation, not just leaving it alone, told her I wanted to break up with her out of sheer emotional irrationality. It turns out I was sadder without her, and she reached out to me to talk soon later. We got back together, and she said she was okay. The way she described the whole situation let me know she understood my plight completely, but I ruined her that day and she's been off ever since. She painted her nails black, screamed at her parents, texted all her friends to tell them how much of a terrible person I was, wrote "Anon is a piece of shit cunt" in her bathroom mirror in sharpie, and cried all day from the story she told.

I've fallen into a depression of guilt to a magnitude that I haven't experienced since I was a self-loathing near-friendless 7th grader with pent up emotions drowning it all out with video games while tanking his grades, watching the few distant friends get reward after reward, trophy after trophy.

I feel like I'm a piece of shit that doesn't deserve to breathe the air on this earth, and I don't know what to do. My parents are very unsympathetic and judgmental and my brother is borderline abusive. My girlfriend is the only one left who understands me. At this point, it's just me who has the problem, as she's gotten over the whole debacle, or so she says. Her mom even said "ehh, you two were just stressed out teenagers", but I'm still not convinced. I feel like there's something deeply wrong with me. Is there any advice or words of wisdom that I need to hear? I want to get back to normal. I don't know how I'll deal with feeling completely alone again and losing the people close to me emotionally.