I am overwhelmed by guilt over my boyfriend's sexual assault of my once-best friend.
My boyfriend of 2 years and I both suffer from mental health issues and trauma. I found out somewhat recently that months ago, when my then-best friend was sleeping over we were both asleep in the bed and he touched her sexually. Apparently he was stoned and thought he might start a threesome (it was casually mentioned as a possibility earlier).

I know what he did was horrible. It makes me sick to my stomach to think that I was there and couldn't help. It makes me throw up and stay up at night knowing that I stayed with him. On the other hand, he himself is absolutely sick with guilt. He's been having non-stop anxiety attacks, crying spells, and moments of catatonia and he can't stop saying how horrible it was that he did that and how he wants to be a good person. I believe he is genuine and my first reaction is to make sure he gets treatment so nothing close to that ever happens again. He checked himself into a psychiatric ward last night.

I'm also so overwhelmed by guilt by how selfish my internal response has been. He has cheated on me before multiple times, and I can't help but ruminate on how if I were prettier this wouldn't have happened and how it effects me. One recent (smaller) time just happened and I've had to take care of his emotions while being angry about this main terrible incident and that one. Furthermore, I'm selfishly worried about how badly this is affecting me. One of the few (maybe only?) things going right in my life is school and this is affecting me so negatively in my inability to concentrate or motivate myself. I'm also upset by how critical others have been of me in this even though they are at least partially justified. He posted his story to Reddit and got mostly cautious support. I posted mine and got a lot of messages calling me a pervert, an enabler, a shitposter, and a terrible person. He told his parents and one of the things they said was "all three of you made mistakes". Unrelated, but last night he posted a photo of us in the ER and a girl who hates me replied "ew you're back with her? Nonono what are you doing." I have no idea what I've done to make everyone in my life hate me this much. I don't have anyone left and I'm scared to lose the one person that has stuck around so far.