The world needs more "lollipop moments".
Back in middle school, I was helping out at a sunday school, tutoring primary kids. There was this adorable little girl who was struggling to sing the right tunes of a hymn. Even though I have absolutely no musical background, I tried to help her get her vocals and lyrics right by singing the hymn together. Eventually, I told her to continue repeating it herself and that every practice is an improvement from the last. 

She would call me frequently just to sing her new hymns and I would challenge her to learn a new hymn every week, this routine went on for quite a while between ourselves...

Fast forward to today, I'm currently a struggling undergrad students coping with depression and stress and well as deteriorating health due to extreme fatigue. Bad grades and crippling financial debt are the least of my concerns. Many days I would feel tired and unmotivated to do anything... and barely making it to lectures only to zone off. At days I would think of suicide as well. There was nobody I could turn to that I felt I could relate to or even understand me...

It was not until a few days ago I received an email from the girl's mother, the girl was unfortunately diagnosed with an illness that made her lose up to 90% of her hearing. However, she was recently accepted to a prestigious musical academy, and sent me the audition tape of her performance thanking me for my encouragement. That song that she performed, was the very first hymn she struggled when I first came up to her. 

Knowing that the girl went through so much hardship just to chase the dream I stimulated her from her youth gave me so much hope at the darkest point of my life. Knowing that I had the capacity to influence a big change in a little girls life gave me the purpose to live. Even though I had to wait for 8 years for this news, it was worth it.

TL;DR

We all have the ability to give small act of kindness which goes a long way. From putting a smile on your face to giving away your coat to cover a pair of cold shoulders, dont underestimate the impact it has to them in the present and the future. 

What kind of "lollipop moments" do you have?