I sob thinking about my painfully wasted young years
I'm going to write this hopefully without stopping to think myself into madness with corrections and such. Too late I just backspaced two whole sentences! There is this big fucking hard block of concrete in my head that stops me from doing anything including things I like such as drawing and reading. I love going on tumblr and pinterest and deviantart to look at the amazing drawings and paintings people are able to create. Sometimes though, I get really jealous of the fictional characters in the fandoms. Heck, I get really jealous of people in my life and around the world; young people. I just get this sinking, dreadful feeling inside my chest realizing that I'm wasting my young years doing nothing. I'm 24 now, and looking back on my life I've just been a sad, pathetic underachiever with no drive or history of doing anything adventurous. I'm wasting my young years. I'm wasting my young years. It plays over in my head all the time. I can't get my brain to shut off. Every night before I go to bed it plays over and over. I'm just so sad and disappointed in my life and how I've done nothing with it. Even as a little kid I never did anything fun and I don't have any wild stories of adventure, excitement, nor things like "Lol we were dumb kids yada yada...We did this all the time yada yada..." I'm sorry for the rant. Writing it out didn't help me get the chants out of my head. I'm so sad guys. And I know that fictional characters are deliberately made to be fascinating and have amazing lives, but there are people who were born 5 years before me (who are real, yes) and they are really living their lives to the fullest and are doing amazing things. Right now I want to go out, rent a solid 4x4, and drive to some god knows where designated dark space and lay on my back and gaze at the stars in the night sky. I want to go do something fun and amazing, but knowing I've wasted so many years being depressed in bed, on my computer, sleeping, and just doing nothing will haunt me forever.

Please take me back to being a little girl again. Let me try again please.
