[F17] I really need someone to listen
This is a throw-away, because I don't want anyone in my personal life to see this. Let me preface this by saying I've been diagnosed with bipolar tendencies (i guess you can't diagnose bipolar disorder until you're 18), severe depression, chronic anxiety and body dysmorphia. I've been hospitalized for a suicide attempt almost two years ago, and I've struggled with self harm since fourth grade. I was bullied relentlessly throughout elementary and middle school. Thankfully, i've been clean for a year, and after the hospital I got on medication and things started to get better for a while. My senior year has been great so far but it's starting to get bad again. I used to be a social smoker, but now I'm completely dependent on marijuana for everything. I'm not hungry unless I smoke and I can't fall asleep unless I smoke. I need it to get through the day. I can't go to college, because I can't afford it and my mom says she can't consign on a loan for me. I totally understand that too, because if my dad were to die she'd be in trouble and in tens of thousands of dollars in debt. I'm just sad because I want to go away like all of my friends but I can't. My dad is most likely going to lose his job soon apparently too, which is going to put us in poverty. My mom and dad fight all the time, and hate each other. They've both talked about getting a divorce to me exclusively. I pretend like it doesn't bother me, but it does. My dad is addicted to prescription painkillers, and locks himself in his room the minute he gets home. He comes to my choir concerts, plays, and musicals but leaves almost immediately after it starts, which hurts me a lot. I pretend like I don't care about that either. The thing that hurts me the most now is my dog was put down today. She was my first dog. I was allergic to dogs when I was way younger. I grew out of it and it took so long to find her, because my mom was set on picking the perfect dog for us. We found her, and now she's gone. I was the one who stayed in the room with her, because my mom couldn't do it. I pet and comforted her while she died. I've never had to cope with someone dying before, and it's so hard. She was just a dog, but I still loved her so much. I want her back so bad. My problems are so minor compared to some people's, but I'm so sad right now. I don't know what to do. This is the first time in a while that I've wanted to kill myself, but I don't want to go down that road again. I just don't know how to cope anymore. 