Emotionally offline
I shouldn’t be writing this, I have three final projects due in the next couple of days and I haven’t started on any of them. But I don’t have the energy to even get started...I don’t know what to do. It’s too late to ask for extensions but I don’t want to fail my classes (that mean nothing to me). Whatever...I guess I’ll turn out fine because I was doing well grade-wise up to this point, but it’s gonna be fucking painful.


Over the course of the last couple of weeks, I feel as if I’ve gone emotionally offline. I feel like a shell of myself. I’m not sure what happened. I think the real downturn started when I was walking on campus two weeks ago and saw my ex-girlfriend of a few months with her new boyfriend, but that’s definitely not the only thing that is bothering me. It might have been a death-by-a-thousand-cuts situation because if I take an itinerary of what’s going on in my life, there isn’t much there.


If my life had a thesis statement, it’d be that I have nothing to look forward to. Hardly any aspect of my life can bring me out of the apathy that I seem to be stuck in every day. I don’t find any of my classes enjoyable, and now the thought of doing it as a career is starting to give me nightmares. I have “friends” but I don’t much enjoy hanging out with them, and overall, any attempts to meet new people just seems to amount to nothing. I have no dating life, and I’m still admittedly stuck on the aforementioned ex-girlfriend (who has completely moved on) that I dated for seven months and have been broken up for the same length. All I can think about is that if she saw me today, barely able to get out of bed and go to school, I’m also certain she would feel even more justified in breaking up with me. I keep thinking about this new person she’s dating and in what ways he is likely a complete upgrade. I don’t even know what their situation is, I am just inventing scenarios in my head. I need to stop that. Fuck.


The only thing I have is that I’m in fairly good shape and my GPA is 3.8 (although that’s certain to go down after this week, which scares the ever-living shit out of me because it feels like the only real thing I can put on my resume). I’m also fairly consistent with working out; it’s not a huge part of my life, but holy shit, if I didn’t do it I can’t imagine how depressed I’d be. Right now, all of the emotional energy I have for the day goes to getting myself to the gym at the least.


With my career, I’m interested in how technology affects people and society; like internet addiction, social media, artificial intelligence, etc. That is kind of what drew me to my major in the first place, which is User Experience Design. However, I do little of that (the research side of things, which includes talking to people and learning their stories, then coming up with conclusions based on that data on how you can improve a digital service) and more the design/development side of things (like visual/graphic/UI design and web development, just building the fucking thing), which I’m good with, but it both stresses me out and bores the shit out of me. I think it’d be fulfilling to be a UX Researcher for a popular social app just because I would be able to study how people interact with it. Or do that for a consultancy/agency or something, and start a blog/podcast about technology+society. I kind of largely detest the Silicon Valley tech utopianism that’s sweeping the country, it seems to be making everyone I know (and myself) unhappy in really subtle ways, but it’s become almost a cult of sorts. I could turn what I learn about user research to that.


But if I want to keep pursuing this path, I have to keep doing the parts that make me depressed (design and coding) for a significant amount of time so I’ve just kind of lost motivation to try at all. I know I should just push through, but I’ve pushed through my whole life and honestly, I’m tired of fucking pushing. Everyone is telling me to keep moving forward because I show talent in it (the design/code side of user experience) and it’s lucrative but fuck man I can only do this for so long. I’d rather use my creativity on music or writing. I have three internship interviews this week which isn’t good to have hanging over my head when I’m asking all of these questions.


I constantly wonder if there is a better, more fulfilling, and less depressing route to the other side of all of this.


The social life issue is more simple, I don’t even want to write about it. I need to be more vulnerable to people and go outside my comfort zone, and that’s gonna take a ton of work no matter how you spin it. The first part of this video with James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem is basically my entire life in a nutshell: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYCz06bS380. Ditto on the dating life, although that might be a little more complicated. I’ve only even felt attracted to one person since my breakup, so I guess there is more going underneath the surface there. I can’t imagine dating anyone in my current state, but man, the ever-present loneliness really drains me.


Isn’t it ironic though? I want to go into a career where I study people all day, yet I struggle to actually build and establish friendships. I’m like a people’s introvert, it makes no sense.


I seem to use daydreaming and fantasizing as an escape. I spend an embarrassing amount of mental time each day imagining myself as a frontman for a successful band; I really look up to someone like Father John Misty, I feel we have similar sensibilities on a lot of things. And there is just something about pouring your emotions and thoughts into an album, performing it live and connecting with people through that authenticity, that really makes me regret not taking learning music seriously up until this point in my life. I could really use that sort of emotional release right now. Same with writing, when school isn’t consuming every moment of my waking day I like to read a lot, so I’d like to write a book one day on something I care about.


I’m reading what I wrote and it’s kind of frustrating. I clearly have dreams and desires, why can’t I manifest them into anything that makes me remotely proud of myself? Like am I even depressed? I feel like way too many people here have it worse than me for me to complain about my “depression.” Maybe I’m just a shitty person looking for an excuse not to do anything useful with my life.


I’m just trying to make it to Friday. My favorite band is coming to my city and it’s the only thing I’m looking forward to. Its the only reason I am ignoring the thoughts of suicide...I need a break from all this bullshit.


I’m gonna schedule a doctor’s appointment today to get a blood panel done to see if anything’s happening there. I might look into SAD because depression always seems to historically hit me around this time (although this time last year was the happiest I’ve ever been, so I’m not exactly sure). I already see a therapist weekly but I might look for a new one because I’m not sure if we’re making any progress. I’m gonna try to get back into meditation if I can find any time.


I just want to know when it’s gonna get better.