Aha! moment during therapy
So I've been meeting with a therapist about once a week since October of 2017. It's been really great, and has helped pull me from the brink more than once. 

Background: I'm gay, and was raised Catholic in the 90s. Guess what happened next! 

Spoiler: I was bullied mercilessly. If I wasn't too gay, I was too fat, or too tall, or too weird or too unpopular. You get the gist. It it wasn't my hair, it was my mannerisms; if it wasn't my high voice, it was the dark circles under my eyes. (Gee, what could have caused me to be losing sleep?)

Flash forward to today: 
My therapist guided me through a meditation today that instructed me to visualize and speak to a younger version of myself. I described what I looked like, what characteristics defined me, and how I saw myself. Then I was instructed to, as myself as the adult I've become, speak to that child and tell him what I was feeling. 

I spoke with kindness and compassion and love and respect for that child, and told him everything would be alright. I told him that all of that hatred was wrong, that it was incorrect and that those people who say all those nasty hurtful things, they probably aren't even going to remember saying it, so don't waste your time holding onto it. 

And it got me thinking about all of the baggage I've he'd onto my life. All the glances and side comments and nasty, hateful things. And how I've internalized it, and believed it. 

And that's when the Aha! moment came. 

*All this time, I've been so worried about all the bullying that other people did, I wasn't even thinking about all the bullying I did to myself.* https://media.giphy.com/media/12KiGLydHEdak8/giphy.gif

All this time, *it was me.* Sure, it was other people who planted those seeds, but it was me who perpetuated it, who told myself that they were true. After all, if you say something enough, it might as well be as true as anything else.


So there it is. There's one step. It might just be one step, but it's a step in the right direction. There's my holy shit moment of the day, and I just wanted to share with you all. There is hope. There is progress. There is love. And I hope you all are able to find it. 