Severe Ibs and depression combo is a death sentence
Hi 

I posted a few times on this forum last year April sometine due to my depression and I'm posting again because well, it's back. So I'm just going to write a few things about myself and why I'm posting here.

Im a 20 year old guy from London, England and I've been depressed for about 2 years now. I was also diagnosed with IBS about 7 or so years ago.

I was at university for digital media and I finished. My first year but  when the second year started my IBS symptoms got worse and I was I physically unable to go. thankfully the university gave me a year off and said I can start my second year next year after I get better. 

However it just seems to be getting worse not better. I can barely go outside without going through severe anxiety attacks which leads to horrible pains in my stomach for which I need to go home to go toilet for, when it was really bad I would feel very faint and start having panic attacks. 
It reached the point where I was practically housebound. I spent like 3 months playing games, watching anime and TV shows and the pains started to get a bit better.

Then 2 days ago I went toilet and it happened again, severe pain, feeling very uneasy and then boom out of nowhere crippling depression, the waves just hit me.

I began feeling hopeless again, I felt unsatisfied with life. Not just my life, but life in general. Thanks to my love of Anime, Webnovels, Games and Movies I started to wish my life was like that. I know it's childish, but deep down it's just how I felt. I couldn't accept reality, it was too mundane for me and I wasn't satisfied just sitting there everyday just watching or reading things. But I couldn't do anything about it because everytime I try to do something my IBS kicks in and basically cripples me. And I know that even if I try and do something, it's not really what I want. I don't want my life to be normal. All I would really be doing is trying to avoid the pain that it will never happen. 

I know this is long and it might be hard to emphasize with me if you don't really understand it. But I just felt like I really wanted to say something and see if maybe there were other people like me. I guess you could say I'm looking for friends who can understand me, I'm hoping that maybe it will make living a little easier if I have people to talk about the things I love with who also understand what it's like going through depression. 

That's the conclusion I came up with anyway

Thanks for reading