I've been in a constant rush to try and get on my feet for the last three years, but I always end up doing nothing about it. I've forgotten what motivation is all about.

Hey there, I just turned 22. And this is my situation:

About three years ago, I used to feel excited about everything. Finishing school, starting my studies at a university, being self-sufficient, finally doing what I thought was my future career.

I'm not sure what happened, but I started losing my drive. Things didn't look as exciting, nor entertaining. Never having even kissed a girl, I felt alone and loveless. Still, I felt motivated enough to start working on my social skills, met a few people over the Internet, even got a girlfriend. (Thanks to the Internet I have a social life, as ironic as that sounds, even though it's not that good).

Fast forward to this year, I was able to date a couple more girls, had a good time but they all ended too soon. I've never been able to have sex with the girls I've been with because I lost my sex drive in the course of these last years. Also the extremely low self esteem and self hatred don't help.
Today, I find myself unable to even have a conversation with someone, mostly girls. I can't come up with anything to talk about and I feel like all the things I learned about social skills have gone away suddenly. How do people have such natural conversations with one another? How did I manage to do it before? I feel like I want new friends, I want to have a good time, but can't figure out where to go, or what to do to achieve that.
Regarding my studies, this year was a slow one. In the time I should have completed 50% of my career, I only completed around 20%. I started visiting a psychologist because I can't get myself to study for my exams (I'm not cooperating much with him), and all I do is worry about it though I never take up the responsibility.
 
I am fully aware of the fact that things don't come if you just sit and wait, but I can't bring myself to do anything other than complain. Meanwhile I feel like my mind wants to run, but doesn't know which way to go, and my body won't budge. I think 24/7 about how I'm getting older, and I'm wasting every second of my life. I'm completely lost and feel like everything I do is going nowhere. And I don't even know how to end this post, just wanted to put this somewhere and hopefully get some solutions or words of encouragement from people who've been through the same. Sorry for the long read.