I always wanted to go to the therapy but my very huge and overprotective gossip-loving family made this impossible for me to do
Not only that but even a little hypothetical talk about it would instantly gain unnecessary panic like attention and after several phone calls to friends, family members with something like *"Hey Clara, he wants to go to the therapist. Is this normal? Which one should we call? Do you know anyone? Ask John please!"* And next day there will be several people touching my hand and saying "Hey are you fine?" Making it feel like something is wrong with me when I just want to talk to a professional in person without feeling like a babe. 

How do I know? Because my sister was depressed once and I've seen how everyone reacted to it. You see, my family's  never changing mentality is "we need to fight together! We are there for you (goddamn Fairy Tail guild or something)". I don't blame them and I bet there are people who'd exchange everything only to be with someone as supportive. But I have always hated attention so much since I remember my self as a kid. Ironically enough I've had the biggest birthday parties in the town to boost this 'weird' hate. 

Doing it secretly will be risky because I actually work in my family's business as well so my tight schedule and the fact that my town is pretty small makes this almost impossible. And if someone finds out I secretly go to talk to a doctor it will have even worse reaction than just straight out telling them. 

Maybe I'm overreacting and have too much pride in me or no balls to admit to my family but sometimes I wish I could get invisible for just a week to sort my inner problems out. Sorry If this feels like I'm trying to make it harder for you guys to make some suggestions. It's way more complicated than that I just wanted to let it out. I've read some posts here and some of them were so so dark that my problems actually fade away a bit and I felt better because I said to my self *"yo... you are being a bitch right now, look at these people suffering here, you aren't even close!"* (don't know if I'm being terrible for healing my little wounds by reading how other people suffer). Anyways, Idk why I haven't visited this sub earlier, as I type these last words I already feel better because it is the first time I'm doing something like this. Feels like I've talked to someone. Thank you!