If people treated broken arms like they treated depression...
Person: "He dude, your arm is broken in half. You should probably call for help".

Me: "I've tried calling for help, it doesn't work".

Person: "Really? Who did you call?"

Me: "I wrote a post on reddit and saw my school consellor once".

Person: "Dude WHAT??? That's not how you fix a broken arm. Call the hospital, they are professionals and they use professional treatment that fixes this shit!"

Me: "It doesn't work the same for everyone you IDIOT!"

Person: "Yes it does! They deal with thousands of types of breaks, hairline fractures, ligament damage and all sorts EVERY single day! Theres an an entire field of medicine dedicated to treating broken arms and it's all PROVEN, time and time again, to work! You need to see someone who knows how to fix your arm! Or at least, stop the bleeding right now!

Me: "You don't understand what it's like to have a broken arm. You've never had one before."

Person: "Yes, actually, I have had a broken arm before. I went to the hospital and they fixed it after surgery and months of rehab".

Me: "Well obviously your broken arm wasn't a REAL broken arm. Mine is worse. You don't know what it's like to have a REAL broken arm".

Person: "I had three compound fractures and internal bleeding. They said it was the worst they've ever seen. But they fixed it, and the rehab I've been doing has brought it back to 100% functionality".

Me: "You're wrong. This is UNFIXABLE."

Person: "Sigh. Straight up denial? Really? Well what do you plan to do about it?"

Me: "I'm going to sleep all day and keep coming to reddit and message other people with un-treated broken arms!"

Person: "You realise each day you do that, your arm will get worse".

Me: "Fuck you. I'll have this broken arm FOREVER!"

-

This is an insight into my mind from many years ago when I was dealing with depression. I can confidently say that it is fixable guys. Please don't listen to people who say it is completely unfixable. You can beat it, I promise!
I love you guys. Good luck. &lt;3