My Once Best Friend Cut Me Off
A little about myself, I am a 16 year old guy, sophomore in high school, have pretty bad depression but it seemed to be dying down after getting medication until about now.

This is probably the worst I have ever felt. I feel so pathetic. There are people who go through so much worse yet I literally am barely able to function because my best friend cut me off. I feel so numb keeping in this pain, and as soon as I try to take it out by venting at all, I am endlessly crying until I feel numb again. What is wrong with me?! I fucking hate myself so much, I feel like a disgrace to everyone in my life! I try to believe I'm a good person because I genuinely care about my family and friends, but the truth is I'm so toxic as soon as I get attached to anyone. I hate myself so much.

I'm sorry, I've been crying my eyes out. My head hurts so much. My emotions are going crazy. Basically this friend I met maybe like 8 months ago online. She lives all the way in South Africa. She's the kindest and most beautiful person inside and out. She has a tad bit of social anxiety I think, and severe depression. She's been bullied, nearly threatened with rape, and abused by her mom. She's been through so much yet still stays so strong and kind. At times she's felt like a sister, being there for me through my hardest times, we were usually the first people we would go to when we were hurt.

However we have been through a lot of arguments. I mean a lot. Although she's kind, sometimes she can be pretty rude when she's moody or upset, and kind of pushes me away at times. When she does this, I often felt like she's a fake friend. This hurt sooo much, because I felt like she was taking back all the nice things she's said to me, and all the times she's been there for me. However when we explain both our sides and admit our faults we usually are able to fix things.

One time while we were texting she had said she was planning on trashing her phone because social media and her phone in general were making her unhappy. I was at Church and had just finished a meeting, but a new one was starting in a couple minutes for me because I work with helping adults teach classes. I asked her to please not do it, but she said she can't be my lifeline and wasn't going to make these kind of decisions based on friendships. I locked myself in the bathroom, cried and missed the meeting. I told her she was the closest friend I ever had, and she said just because she was trashing her phone didn't mean she was trashing me. Well, she was cutting off all contact with me, and just recently she had said I was her closest friend and that this was the most real friendship she ever had. Who cuts off all contact with their best friend? I had never felt she had been more fake than at that moment.

I tried to keep my hurt in for several more days. Suddenly while talking to her one day, I had an "I'm so fucking done" mindset. I told her to never talk to me again and if she did I would make her miserable, and I said she should die in a hole. I then blocked her, and for some reason wasn't upset. I had felt like she had taken back all the care she had ever shown me and never meant anything in our friendship. I just couldn't understand how if she thought I was her closest friend, how could she be so ready to trash the only way I had to talk to her?

After about a week or two, I had started thinking about all the times she was there for me. I really thought about it, and I think she really did care about me. She's been there for me through my hardest times and she came to me when she was crying and hurt before too. I just guess social media really made her miserable. Anyways, I unblocked her and apologized with an enormous message trying to explain myself and ask for forgiveness.

She told me what I said had been making her cry herself to sleep, cut herself again and feel suicidal. I felt like shit. I had no idea she would hurt that much from what I said. I kept trying to explain myself, admit what I did was shitty and ask for forgiveness, but she just said she was going to kill herself. Based on the way she was talking, I was really terrified she would.

I got her mom's phone number from a friend of hers and said she should check on her daughter and make sure she was okay. I know I said her mom abused her, but I know she wouldn't let her do this, and I knew her being hit would be better than her ending her life. At first her mom thanked me. However, next she threatened me with a court case, said she was going to track me down, and told me I should kill myself. I messaged her to make sure her daughter would be okay and then she tells me to off myself. So that was cool.

Then, they both blocked me. I wasn't worried about her mom's threats, but I was worried about my friend. She probably was going to forgive me soon, as we have had a fight about this bad a month ago and she forgave me very quickly, but I didn't want her to still think I hated her. If I did, I wouldn't message her mom to make sure she was okay.

However today one of her friends informed me that she trashed her phone. I felt like complete and utter shit. There was likely no chance for me to make things right with her. I could ask her friend to talk to her for me, but he himself thinks that I should just let all of this go. But it's so hard to. She's the closest friend I've ever had. I never had a friend that made me feel so important, and been there for me so often, he doesn't understand the friendship and bond I've had with her. She really felt like a sister at times.

I wrote this in over the span of an hour, where I would have some cry sessions and eventually calm down and then cry again, so I apologize if this is all over the place. I just needed this off my chest.

I hope you forgive me someday Trisha. I hope we can be friends again someday. I love you so much. 💔