You're Nobody till Somebody Loves You
I've never felt loved. I have some mild acquaintances, but I always feel out of place around them.

Earlier today I was listening to an episode of Harmontown. This usually puts me in a better headspace and it did, for a while.

This episode Dan Harmon was talking about how his girlfriend's mom would always play with Dan's girlfriend after she got out of the bath. Dan remarked that his showers went along like this (I'm paraphrasing), "I got into the shower, stood there for a while, and realized that it was cold and time for me to get out".

This struck a chord with me. I can't remember my parents ever putting aside time to pay any attention to me. Granted my mom died while I was young and both my parents worked, but even before she died I can't remember anyone acknowledging me to be someone they cared about.

I've never felt like I'm wanted. I don't have any home to go back to during the holidays because my father and his family hate me for being bisexual. I don't have a family.

Everyone I know has somebody they can go to if everything goes tits up. I have nothing. If I fuck up, I can't sleep on my dad's couch for a few weeks to get back on my feet, I have to starve.

It feels like nothing is reliable for me. I don't have this one dependable constant force of safety in my life anymore.

I don't know why this is hitting me so hard currently. It's been my reality for years, maybe it's the holidays. I fucking hate the holidays. 

People like to take families for granted, but the thing is if for whatever reason you don't have a family before you can start your own, you probably never will have one. I'll probably die sad and alone. I don't know how to speak to people. My parents hated each other so I couldn't tell what a healthy relationship is like. I'd rather die childless and without family, than to subject my child and spouse to the type of life my father subjected my family to.

Basically, I'm pretty sure lots of my depression stems from the utter hopelessness that is living without anyone that will always be there for you.