My Downstairs Neighbor's Screwing is a Reminder of my Own Perceived Failure and Ineptitude
Maybe it's because I'm just now coming to terms with the fact that a relationship I was in for almost three years ended abruptly with no input on my part, and through no fault of my own. My ex and I moved into the apartment next door a little over four months ago. Well, just over two months after moving, she decided that "this isn't working out." I can't force anyone to do something or be somewhere they don't want to, but we were only in the apartment for two months. Again, we had been dating for almost three years. Three. Fucking. Years. No real explanation given, just, "this isn't working out anymore."

I was surprisingly okay with everything at first. I call the property manager and found that I could transfer my lease (was in a two bedroom unit before, wanted a one bedroom for cheaper rent.) Things pretty much just went back to normal, except she wasn't around anymore. I didn't really let it get to me.

A week ago, I heard my new downstairs neighbor getting it on with someone, or at least, that's what it sounded like. I have no idea exactly why, but my instant response was to get bummed out and sad. Then I got angry. I didn't sleep that night at all. Ever since then, I've been on an emotional roller coaster that's all too familiar to me. Every time I think about wanting to go out an try to meet someone, I get intimidated and feel like I'd be wasting my time because, of course, no sane person would want to be with me (past girlfriends have had pretty major issues, none of which I ended up finding out about until late into the relationship or after the fact.)

I'm not 6+ feet tall. I do not make $100K+ a year. I do not own an expensive house. I do not own an expensive car. I honestly don't think I'm unattractive, but I'm not in very good physical shape right now. I try not to be an asshole either, which I guess makes me the "safe option" that's just always going to be available whenever people are done screwing around and want something more serious. Nobody owes me anything, and I've never thought I was owed anything. Just want to mention that bit because I know that what I just said sounds like something an incel would say. I'm just frustrated and don't know how to rationalize my thoughts and emotions. I'm not a religious person, but I can't help feeling like this was all predetermined. Like my life was always supposed to be one of constant anguish over feeling like I'm missing out. The several days of getting no matches at all on any dating site I try certainly isn't helping, and I probably shouldn't even be trying to date if I'm not going to be as emotionally available to a potential partner as I should be. 

I don't even know why I'm this way. I've always been like this, to be honest. I have family that cares about me, I have cool friends that will have my back no matter what. I'm the most successful of my friends as well, with regard to material success, but none of that matters to me, and I'm so very tired of it. I feel like something's wrong with me, but I don't know what to do about it. Part of me just wants to give up. I don't want to kill myself or anything, but I seriously wish there was a way to just take a vacation from life itself for a little bit, because just living is so exhausting sometimes.

I don't know. All I know is that I feel miserable, pathetic, and desperate. And I hate it, I absolutely abhor this constant companion that I've never completely been able to shake off.

My thoughts are disorganized and this reads more like a rant than anything else. I just sometimes feel like nobody will ever truly understand what it's like.