Fuck Everything &amp; Everyone
I decided to make a different account for this, because I need to get all of this off my chest. I hate myself and I hate my life. I feel trapped at an absolute dead end in my life, and I'm not even in my twenties yet. I might as well be, considering everything I have to do.

I turned 17 a few months ago, and things have only gotten worse. My parents are completely delusional and can't grasp the fact that thet cause suffering for their own benefit. They would punch you in the face and find any excuse in the book to give a reason behind what they did, even if there wasn't one.

My mom is an asshole, to put it nicely. She's very controlling. I've called and made my own therapy appointments only to find out she cancelled them, resulting in me having to find a different therapist AND doctor twice because they wouldn't take me because of canceling so many times, and I still haven't found either, so no therapy or medication. I have next to no friends because of how she is, coupled with my inability to speak without getting anxiety. 

My dad is a lazy dirtbag who fights with me constantly for no reason other than he hates me. He hates how liberal I am, he hates the people I like, whatever I like he probably hates. He sits in front of a TV all day watching shit, he bitches about anything he can, yet does absolutely nothing to fix the issue that he's the main cause of. No clean dishes? I'm in the wrong even though he doesn't rinse his or even bring them to the sink. Pills went missing? He takes more than he's supposed to and forgets and goes into a rage. So on and so forth.

I honestly don't look forward to waking up anymore. I can only find peace at night and then I usually get less sleep than I should. Of course I'm 'lazy' for sleeping in. More gets done quicker in less time when I get up than the whole time they've been up.

I hate this stupid town and I hate my life. It feels like I'm destined for absolute failure. School puts a heavy amount of pressure on me too. I wish I could go to sleep and not wake up, that would be ideal honestly.

The list of things that make me happy and want to live grows shorter every day, and I'm so, so lost on what to do anymore. I feel so uncomfortable and just... wrong. Like I know something bad is bound to happen. 

Idk, I'm just confused and scared.