Should i call CPS? The police? Should i go to a residential? My parents are breaking my heart.
Ive had depressed for a while and ive made alot of progress to overcome it. I switched schools, got treatment, and practiced finding myself so i can be happier and healthier.

But my parents arent on the same wavelength.
Everyone tells me they love me but i never see it. I dont think they realize how much their abuse hurts. Everytime i try to tell my parents anything they get angry and say “its not a good time.”

ITS NEVER A GOOD TIME.

My dad calls me a whore and and thinks im psychotic and threatens me daily to hospitalize me.
My mom is always cranky and tired and gets mad at me and tells me to shut up when i talk. 

When i was little they hit me and sister alot. Now they dont, but they consider any other form of discipline very tame and forgiving. 

They take advantage of my young age and use it against me to make me feel insignificant and small. My dad is always lecturing me about how stupid and ungrateful I am.

I am so grateful for my life, and i have never been happier, but im not grateful that he treats me like the shit under his shoes! I am not grateful she doesnt give me the time of day! Im sorry!

They dont give two shits about me, but at the same time, will never let me live a peaceful life until i move out. I have had depression for five years, and i have to say, the rejection of your own parents has to be the worst pain yet.

I looked into CPS, but i dont qualify. I looked into getting emancipated, but i probably wouldnt qualify for that either. I just want to get away from them and live a life i can enjoy. They judge me for having thoughts and treat me like i am their child slave. 
No matter how sane I sound, at the end of the day they will disregard everything i say because its easier than trying to make it work.


I really want to call the police or something. I cant live with them anymore, it physically is putting me in alot of pain. They are the reason i do drugs, they are the reason Ive had depression, they are the reason i attempted suicide. No matter how much i try to convey this, they will never understand the impact of their behavior. They think that since they are my parents, they can get away with anything, and they threaten to hurt me when i say im calling the police.

I dont want to live under this roof anymore. They make it really hard to want to live at all. I have dreams! Im a person too! Can anyone give me any insight or advice on what to do? I cant stand this pain!

Sorry its so long