I feel like nothing works or will work out, can someone relate?
It‘s always like I try something and want to better myself, have high expectations and then life comes, uppercuts me, spits on me and just screams „You thought, bitch“.


I had a really good therapist but she suddenly quit due to illness. 


I had to wait several months until I got the final answer. Had no therapy in that time between and also we only had like 6 sessions.


Now I have a therapist who is ok but I just don‘t vibe with her that much. And I can‘t change because of insurance. Nor do I have the money to pay for one myself since I‘m a broke ass student.



I told her once that I don‘t want solutions. I want someone to genuienly understand me. At first she tried and now it’s all solutions again. „Try this, try that, we need to experiment“. I get the thought but I feel like my deep down feelings are just irrelevant once again.


My first therapist really understood me and listened. I could cry my heart out and afterwards I felt so much lighter. 


I really miss that feeling.


Now it‘s just an obligation I have to do. Back then I never used to come late to my therapy sessions because I really looked forward to it.


But now I am constantly running late because deep down, I just don‘t want to go anymore and give up. I don‘t have energy for that.


I also took anti depressants (Tianeurax if anyone knows that one). At first it helped me, especially with processing feelings.


But then I turned super suicidal and had mental breakdowns over mental breakdowns.



I completly stopped and now I feel numb again. I want to feel suicidal and emotional again, to be honest. At least I processed something. Now I feel empty and dead inside once again, like how I used to be all the years before I started therapy and taking anti depressants.


My „new“ therapist asked me what I can bear more. My suicidal state or this passive suicidal state. I told her the last one. But honestly, I want it to be the first one.


At least I felt like a human. At least some people cared because they were afraid I‘d do something to myself.


Now no one cares. I‘m alone. I don‘t go outside anymore. I‘m just isolating myself again. No one really talks to me and I‘m just a bother to everyone.



I honestly think about taking my anti depressants again, just to get suicidal and off myself.


Despite often being a bad actor, I am just so well at playing this role of „Of course, I will try! I will do my best“.


I‘m good at pretending nothing bother‘s me and everything‘s fine. I‘m good at pretending to say „Wow, your advice helped me so much, thank you for listening!“.


But I‘m just a fraud. Nothing helps. Afterwards I just want to die more.



Sometimes I ask myself, why the hell do I even put up with all of this. The only reason why I haven‘t killed myself yet is because it‘d financially ruin my family.


I don‘t even care about emotions, I doubt it‘d be that bad. No one likes me anyway. Just so they don‘t get into debt with my death or sth.



I often find myself also thinking that I will never leave a goodbye letter or tell them goodbye. Because no one cares anyway. I told them many times before why I want to die.


I don‘t feel like anyone deserves that anyway because they don‘t put as much energy into me as I put into them.



Whenever I feel like it goes up, it just crumbles down. I really don‘t know how much of this I can take.


I‘ve been like this since 6 years old. I‘m 21 now. I don‘t know why I got thrown into this world when I‘m ridden and infested with mental illnesses. 