How are you? I am not okay.
I’m in a kind of adverse situation, my thoughts are all over the place and I really don’t know how to break this cycle.
Basically what happened was that a few days ago, I sent my best friend a message before school, saying that I wouldn’t attend classes because I wasn’t feeling too well, that I felt like giving up and that, in case I also wouldn’t have been at school the following day, I had probably killed myself. I wasn’t joking. Sometimes I get these sort of “impulses”, most likely caused by me being overwhelmed by my emotions, my thoughts, and as a result of that, it feels as though I lose my common sense, my ability to think rationally. My thought patterns become unpredictable, but so far I’ve managed to not act on them, or else I wouldn’t be writing this right now. Currently they’ve been happening a lot more frequently than usual and that seriously freaks me out because during those times death seems like such a good solution to my problems.
So, back to the story. Obviously, my friend got really concerned and encouraged me to come to her place because she’d been staying at home that day. BUT she also contacted my mom, which I didn’t know until hours later, and told her that I wasn’t at school and made a concerning remark, but I don’t know exactly.
My mom started to call me like every minute and I started to panic because I thought a teacher had called her, so I didn’t pick up any of her calls. I spent the rest of the day with my friend, but called my mom in the afternoon. She asked my where I was and it sounded like she was crying and I told her that I was at my friends place, but after that she declined the call. That night I slept at my dads place, my mom called him and told him that she didn’t care anymore about what I was doing and that kind of hit me. It was the last thing I wanted to hear in that situation. I just don’t know what to do. I really do feel miserable. My friend is beating herself up because she thinks it’s all her fault and I don’t know, I just feel bad for feeling bad, if you know what I mean. That message was a cry of help in a kind of way and I don’t understand why my mom reacted the way she did. It just makes me think that maybe everyone is really better off without me.
I’ve been depressed for nearly five years now, but my mom never really paid attention to it and just marked me down as lazy. I’ve been doing great for a good six months in 2017, but then somebody really important to me, somebody that kept me going, passed away in December and since then everything had taken a turn for the worse.
Life has become so hard for me, I’m sleeping the days away because I can’t bear the thoughts, the guilt, because I’m too much of a coward to face reality. I’m trying, I really am, but no matter what I do, this feeling, this feeling that eradicates my will to live, remains.