Depressed? Or Just in a Bad Rut? (Long Post)
I've never really felt like I've had depression before. I'm turning 24 at the end of the week, and this is the first time I've honestly wondered about myself. Usually, I'm pretty happy about things, and my outlook on life has always been realistically positive. But, lately, I just feel absolutely lost. And this morning, after I got off of work, I sat and cried. I'm not much of crier at all, and the only other time I've cried in the last ten years has been at an uncle's funeral recently. 

This past summer, for me, was a pretty great time. I was in a relationship with a girl who really made me happy, more than any other one had before. I seemed to be having fun every weekend, whether with her or with some friends of mine or family. I had a lot on the horizon, and a lot to look forward to. I was getting ready to finish up my degree, and it seemed like things were going in the right direction. The only thing that was a problem then was that my job was a third shift job, but it was 3 days a week, and usually 11-13 hour shifts, meaning I had time to do stuff outside of it. But, my then girlfriend and another friend had solid connections that they thought could help me land a much better job where they worked, which would carry me pretty well until I finished school. Things were looking up for me. I was pretty happy. 

I guess things started to slip for me when my uncle got hit with a terminal diagnosis in August. At 47, and with young children, nobody in the family was prepared to lose him. And the disease, an incredibly rare degenerative brain disease, was the same one that killed my grandmother 11 years ago. We lost him in early September. The thing with this disease that nobody in the family is talking about is that, if it hits twice within the same bloodline, there's a 50% chance that living relatives within the bloodline will get it in their 40's or 50's. There's nine of us left in the immediate family, including my mother, my brother and myself. And since it's so rare, there is absolutely no treatment plan. 

That, for me, was a lot to process. I'm not worried about myself, but the idea that I could still be losing relatives to this disease for years sucks. It's hard enough seeing it happen twice. 

During this time, things started to fall apart with me and my then-girlfriend as well. I kind of hid out with her for a while, because my family was perpetually sad and in a state of distress. And since I worked nights, I was kind of isolated. Things started to hit a rut between me and her when she started her own treatment for depression. I tried to be supportive of her, while doing whatever anyone in my family needed while my uncle was sick. She really seemed happy that I was there for her, (and things really worked out since she lived so close to my uncle anyways, and I could bounce back and forth from place to place on my days off.)

Both my family and my girlfriend were very important to me, and I guess helping them out made me feel good about myself, even though the situation was shitty. I kind of let school fall to the back-burner though. And I kind of neglected my other friends for a while as well. But between work, my family, and her, I was consistently busy. 

My uncle passed in early September, sending most of my family into a pretty bad state, and only a week later, my girlfriend decided she was done with me, because she was afraid that if she recovered from her depression with me around, then she'd equate me with happiness, and if I left her then she wouldn't be able to recover. (Which ended up being mostly a made up way of saying, I don't love you anymore, but I don't have the courage to tell you.) Obviously, it wasn't fair to her to be stuck with me if she wasn't happy with me, but there were so many better opportunities for her to break things off, and she chose the one that was the most tedious and mentally draining for me. My state of mind after it ended wasn't great at all, and I said some very mean things to her after it ended, (I guess, at the time, I thought it was constructive criticism, but it was all just mean and awful and embarrassing.) Understandably, she hasn't talked to me since, and I feel like I burned any bridge towards reconciling with her.

I missed my uncle a lot, but doing favors for his wife and kids helped me at least feel like I was contributing. My mother's still kind of a mess about it, but she has my father for support. My brother had a hard time for a while too, but his job keeps him well occupied. But, lately, for me, the things I can help with anymore have been fewer and fewer. 

Right now, I just want to fast forward to like March or April. I don't want to deal with my birthday, since the plans I had with my ex-girlfriend are obviously not happening anymore, most of my friends are busy with work and school, and my family is still not back to being normal. Nobody seems to want to do much for my birthday anyways, which is, for lack of a better word, normal for me. When I got home from work this morning, I cried thinking about it all. I've never had that kind of emotional reaction to anything before. 

The only thing I look forward to in life at the moment is my night or two out with a friend a week. The holidays are going to be rough on my family, I know now that my ex girlfriend (who I still care for and would probably take back) has completely moved on from me, and the once promising prospect of a new job isn't nearly as likely as it used to be. And, school kind of got caught up in the shuffle, and I'm not where I wanted to be with that, either. I'm going to be out on my own come January, which might help, but right now I'm just dreading the next month. I feel like the things I care about are slipping further and further out of my control, and it's hard for me to deal with.

I don't know if this is just a rough patch in my life, or a sign that I have a more serious problem. But right now, I have very few people that I can be 100% open with, and it's been tough. Work is, for lack of a better word, quiet for me, meaning I spend most of my time thinking, and it doesn't help much. Since I've never really had a stretch like this before where I've been as mentally drained and just sad, I'm not really sure what to do. But there's very little on the horizon that I'm looking forward to, and I'm worried about that. 

tl;dr: Stretch of life events, most of which out of my control, have wreaked havoc on my emotional state. I now feel kind of hopeless. Don't know if it's just a rough patch in life, or something worse.
