A bad relationship and my current state of mind
I'm 21 and i'm going to share some of my experience. 

So, i meet this girl on the internet in my later 17's , i was an active practitioner of Karate Kyokushin, Muay Thai and Box back then, i was about to enter in the amateurs and start to compete, i even went to japan 2 times on the championship and training grounds. 
Then, i meet this one girl , i had just left an relationship with another girl that end up with her cheating on me and well..i was even younger than now and i knew it how to fight, so..I beat the crap out of the guy and was disgusted by woman and by fighting like that again , i was so frustrated that i was traded by a 14 old boy (geez) but i overcome that. 
When i meet this girl (I'd call her Kim from now on) i was clear about all that situation and that i was not up for a relationship with her or anyone else.  
She was earning a place in my heart because Kim seems so different from other girls and was treating me well, she respected my hobbies, my dreams (it was 5 months to 18 years and i was going to join the military because IT WAS MY DREAM) and myself as a ''man''. 
So, she visited me, i visited her, we were 2 states of distance of each other, but ''never too far to our love don't reach each other'' bullshit (387 Miles) and of couse we started to dating and have sex, and all the vows of love, you guys know what i'm talking.. 

Then i was on my 18, i had finished a test if i was join the military as a seargent or if i was enter like a corporal and I WAS SUCEED \o/ . But on the other hands, Kim, that i had met 6 months ago was  through a rough part of her life, she had lost her job, she wasn't paying the bills and was about to get dumped from the house she was living (all alone) and then, i talked to my parents if i could help her by inviting her to come home with us, i was about to change my life, i was about to work twice as hard and so i did. 

I called her and say ''Hey, just sell your things, don't worry about it, we're gonna buy new ones baby'' Hell yea, like a fucking Alpha and she was so happy and she cried and she was all ''omg i love u so much'' Then i left all my trainings hobbies which gives me a lot of stress but i had back then a ''major reason '' for that and i was happy with her. 
Then Kim's past started to show up to us. A family of 5, me, my little brother, my mom and dad and now Kim. 
The thing is, Kim had a daughter that was with her aunts back then and she started to say she missed her, she was sad, she was feeling bad because she couldn't find a job yet (3 months had passed, it was a rough time on the Brazil enonomically speaking)but HEY, i had 2 jobs and i wouldn't give up, she was sad that i had to work so hard to : 
1- Help my parents 
2- "Pay" For her in the house. 
I was saving money too, because other than spending money with that 2  things i didn't have the time to do other things so some free time i had we would watch a movie, take some ice cream, have sex (a lot, geez) and that money that i was saving began to get bigger and bigger, till the point that i was thinking about buying some ground to maybe started to build our own house in the future when she get a job and started to help me . 
We would visit Kim's daughter from time to time and i start to love the girl, she was do damn smart but had a sadness in her that i could see, and one day in the house of Kim's Aunt, Her aunt came to me alone with Kim in the grocery store and started to say that i should stop my relationship with her. 
I was shocked by the comment, but cold as ice in the outside and just asked 'wth are u talking about ?" then she started to say that Kim had beat her daughter so damn hard that almost killed her and that's why she was not with Kim anymore and she say Kim it's fckng crazy and all type of shit and i was pissed off. 

When we get back to home , i say to Kim what her aunt has spoken and she started to cry (and i was worried) and telled me a story (that isn't even worth bring it here for u guys) that in fact was another person who beat her daughter. 

Well, time had passed, we didn't talked about it anymore and we were hanging out and she turns to me and say "What about we did a lil shot ? " (That is the equivalent on Brazilian to "LET'S SMELL COCAINE)i was "What ?" and she "Yea, it will be fun, i will let you do it in my sexy belly if you want" . It's unbelievable how someone so damn pretty and hot and smart and intelligent and perfect could turn into a fucking piece of shit so god damn fast. 
I refuse the ''offer'' and started to yell at her and started to talk some monstruous shit about it, like "it was because of that you daughter almost died ?" and everything, i was pissed off, sayed some shits that i shouldn't , she say it too but we overcome it. 

So, i was with Kim about 2 years by now AND THEN SHE FINALLY GETS A JOB. we had moved on from my parents house a long time ago but i was not happy because Kim's past started to bother me. 

In that time i discovery somethings new about her (with 100% sure before you ask) : 
1- She did sex for money , even when she knew me and just talked to me back then. 
2- Her ex was a asshole that was aprisioned . 
3- She lied as fuck to me about almost everything, her life, her family (like "my dad is dead" type of lie), her past, her path. 

But this is past RIGHT ? right ? maybe i should just 'fuck off' and get back to my parents house but love is a sick joke. 
Let's advance some months (10), we had a baby. She is the reason that i'm here typing this now for you guys read it, because if not, it was for me being burned in hell for suicide. 

She of couse, hid the pregnancy , tried to abort EVEN WITH ME BEING BY HER SIDE, lied to me about birth control pills yea, but fuck it i was a man and i for sure wouldn't let my daughter be aborted , she then tried to give her for adoption and was all about "she will trouble us, our life" and i was about to kick her out from the house get my baby and that's it. My parents started to help me but the damage was made it already and it was about to get worst. 
She was my bride and guess what ? Yea, she cheat on me. 
I understand that sometimes i was a dick but man i was not up to be a cuck. I went crazy again, but i controled myself, i send her back to her state with 2 K of money from my own (she quited her job with 2 months of pregnancy ) . I was so god damned hurt. Cheat on me with my best friend cliché ? Wow. Then i started to think about it, he had a great body because he almost live in the gym because he didn't work and didn't have a family . But she doing that ? That hurt me a lot more than he doing it. And i was only 20 back there. She find another guy, and seems like I 'm now the aprisioned guy addicted to drugs (like her aunt had telled me ) you know ? I'm so fucking sad. I loved this girl so fucking much , i wish so fucking much to had a life with her, with her daughter, with my daughter. She left and didn't even ask about our daughter. You know how sad this is ? 
On the other hand, i'm so frustrated about womans and so sad that every girl that i start to like i dump her because i don't want to delay her life like KIm did to me. 
I'm fucking scared of relationships, i'm fucking scared of girls , i'm fucking terrified by the idea of trust anyone else then my father and my mother. i 'm not feeling like a man anymore, i'm feeling like shit. BUT i started to train again in Muay Thai and i'm enjoying it. but i feel so fucking lone because i really do everything alone. My workout, go eat some pizza, walk in a park.. i'm so alone. 

Well, i stopped to take drugs to feel better , i stopped with almost everything and started to go to gym and for now that is working, i'm just hope that someday in the future maybe.. Kim would become a nice person and will try to retake all the time that she is losting. 
