Why my relationship is killing me
Okay, disclaimer, former relationship... but it still has a huge effect on my life.

This girl was my best friend and my first serious relationship.
I met her when I first got depressed, and we went to the same church together.

I told her then that I didn't feel ready for a relationship, but she essentially stalked me all those (5) years ago.

Christmas 2016, after dealing with a crap load more grief and depression, I was essentially forced into a relationship with her.  I had just got over my main stint of depression the previous September, and my life was getting better.

We still hung out as friends, but she kept pushing for more.

However, she is so messed up.  I have to say that now.
I do still love her, and that will probably never change, but she needs professional help, and my mistake was thinking I could help her.  She was my best friend after all.

So, after a string of breakups, moving too slow and moving too fast, as well as her cheating on my several times, she finally called it quits one week after my birthday (November just gone).
I had no say, because she'd throw a tantrum, but I had to take the initiative.

Why?  Because she no longer wanted to have my baby.

In August, she fell pregnant.  This could have been the week prior the Anniversary of our first kiss, but the nurse dated it on that specific date.  That was one of the nights she cheated on me, with her friend's boyfriend, but it was "just a kiss".

She tried to miscarry by drinking heavily for the next few weeks before coming to me about it; she had broken up with me the day after she cheated.

I asked her there and then if she wanted to keep it.  She said yes.
We went to speak to my mum.  My mum asked her.  She said yes.
She wanted to announce the pregnancy, to start all the planning, and looking forward to the future.

I got a well paying job to provide for our future, a job I travelled hundreds of miles for each week, and it was only for a few months.

But whilst I was away, she decided she missed all the drinking, drugs, and sex she was missing out on.  She wanted to live with her friends (who she actually hates living with at times), and countless other reasons.

However, she kept stringing me along until the scan, where she sent me a photo of our child before telling me she wanted to abort it.  Oh, and I had planned a weekend away for us to relax and see some friends.

She had me believe this was the start of my happy ever after, before ripping it away from me.

She didn't speak to me for two weeks.

When I finally did manage to get in touch, it was to collect my stuff.  I took a mutual friend with me, the act as a buffer, and they couldn't believe the stuff that she said to me.

Then I get a load of hate off her because people are contacting her about her choices.
Remember, she has been posting on FB all about the baby, making sure everyone knows.

She hasn't spoken to me since.  She has blocked me anyway she can, even on WhatsApp only recently... not that it matters, because she wants nothing to do with me.

This was my best friend, and my stalker, who for years wanted to be with me, have a family with me, worried I wouldn't want her because of PCOS, and got jealous over people talking to me on Twitter, and kittens!  She couldn't even handle me showing up with chocolates and flowers!
All that I've done for her, supported her, sacrificed for her... and this is how she treats me.

Now, I am pro-life, and pro-choice.  I gave her that choice, and she wanted to go ahead.  I didn't force her or convince her.  She led me.
She set me up, just to rip out my heart.

Seriously, if you only knew the half of it.  The card she wrote for me for my birthday alone would have anyone convinced.

But now, she is living her life.  She is out drinking, smoking, doing drugs and sleeping with anything she can get her claws into.
She has restarted her YouTube "career", and quite frankly, they're boring videos.

Maybe she'll do better.  I hope not.  But I think that's normal.

So why this post?
Because it is killing me.  I don't know how, but I'm still kicking.  Depression is creeping at my door, and I do have horrible days, bad days where I am so demotivated.

Yet, I cannot stop thinking about her.  She has me broken, in ruins... even my faith has been hit hard.
I don't understand what changed.  I don't understand she did what she did.  Why did she play me for so long just to hurt me?

Everyone tells me to forget about her, and no one would allow me to go back to her (even if it was a possibility).

All I want to do is to forget about her, because as the title says... this relationship is killing me.