Long Winded Post From a Failed 30 Year Old
I don't even necessarily want to write this but I need to clear my head. I've been a depressed pissant for as long as I could remember. Some of my youngest memories are melancholic and sickly devoid of confidence or even reason.

I grew up dirt poor. I remember spending a night pushing a needle through the rubber of my shoes to get the sole back on. My mom had a stroke and an aneurysm but survived. Sort of. She became a wicked, wicked creature who loved pitting me against my sibling and I never came out on top. My entire life has been from the cowering creature perspective. Life isn't experienced but something that happens to me.

I joined the Army at 18. I had gotten recklessly married a month prior to shipping to basic. I ended up fucking up and missing a bus which led to a Lemony Snicket series of Unfortunate Events type shit. I went through partial infantry brainwashing but never made it past the build-up.

So I ended my career, the only thing I've wanted to do, before it even took off. Luckily, it was more of a "this isn't working so we'll forget it happened" type deal and my enlistment ended without anything terrible. But I never recovered. At least back then I had some sort of tenacity. Now? I'm a fucking shell, mate, of what I was. A completely hollow individual.

I'm 30 years old. I've no education. I have no passions. I used to enjoy writing but I can't bring myself to write anymore. The moment I try I go back into wounded animal mode. No, this isn't good enough. Nope, neither is this. Why bother? Why try? I can't help but think these things.

I'm still married and that is the only reason I haven't killed myself. I did try early on because of relentless hounding from my father in law. It is obvious I'm not what he wanted for his daughter. I can't figure out why I'm alive at all. I can barely live my life.

I'm depressed constantly. No matter how happy I know I should be or how wide I smile I'm in the grey of storm clouds that seemed, at least until this subreddit, to be only over my head. I've had so many jobs that I just explosively quit. I've got Intermittent Explosive Disorder as well as depression and anxiety. So I coil up and wind tightly before my brain dumps chemicals that make me explode with no regard for the damage done. I'm currently unemployed. I left my last job like that. I loved my job. I loved the guy I worked for. I earned several raises within a few months and was promoted quickly because I threw my back into that work.

It has been too long though. I can't seem to find another job. I can't even bring myself to apply anymore. I don't have a car. I "rent" a couple rooms off the main house of my inlaws. I failed so hard in giving my wife a life worth living. She spends her time working and though understands and doesn't mind my unemployment it is killing me.

On Dec.12th I lost all interest in anything. I used to escape in video games but now I can't. I load up Ark and just stare. I've anxiety about everything. Recently installed Heroes of the Storm and I played a mean Lili and Abathaur but now I've got butterflies even playing against bots. The smallest, most simple of tasks seems beyond me.

I'm stupider than I used to be. How I interpret the simplest of sentences or instruction is out of whack. I have trouble reading though I've got tons of read Omnibuses from Warhammer 40k on my bookshelf. I have trouble speaking. I talk slowly and can barely push out the words off my tongue. I'm only recently able to make phonecalls without losing my mind anxiety wise.

I'm so full of regret. I hate what I became. I hate that I married someone and am dragging them through the mud. To never have a real apartment or car. I can't hold a job. I barely take care of the house. I do dishes now but it is a real struggle.

I've been thinking a lot more about suicide and I'm already sure I am too cowardly to really do it but I think about it a lot. How it'd hurt my wife but I think it'd be good for her to find someone else. I just don't see the point in continuing. I'm an adult now but I never learned how to properly be an adult.

I don't know what to do. There is a burning hole in my chest and I feel guilty that I'm the way that I am. Even on the subreddit. I know people feel that people who've a significant other can't be as depressed but I'm swimming at the bottom of the barrel.

I want this all to end. I don't know how to survive. I don't know how people manage it. I don't have that self-preservation sense that keeps people going despite it all. I'm weak. I am weak in ways that I can barely accept.

I struggle a lot with the fact 22 veterans a day kill themselves but I'm still around. I carry endless guilt that better people die and I'm still alive. Goddamn it. People are dying from diseases and cancers while I exist. While I can't so much as go outside without feeling like all eyes are boring holes into my psyche. I hate that all I do is sit here and lay in bed. I hate myself.

I feel if I don't get this out, even if it is never seen by anyone, I will implode. I'm on medication and it helped my depression but then the reality of my life struck me and I think I'm worse off than I was. At least then I was able to lose myself in video games. Now I'm here with the stark reality. I am not meant for this world. I am too sensitive, too weak, too weak-willed, and too much of a bitch to handle life. I'll go back to lurking now. Thanks for listening.