I need to get my life on track
Im 23 year old black man who just graduated from one of the best universities in the US. I've been depressed as fuck for a large portion of the last 4-6 years. I have no money, no girlfriend(or prospects), and no social life to speak of. I had a solid social life in college but had no luck with girls. Made a lot of friends but none that I'd consider great ones. I'm  afraid of public expression, if I come out of this shell I'll just be that little underdeveloped, short loser who thinks he's the shit when he's accomplished nothing in life. I'm afraid of what other people think of me, do they think I'm smart? Do they think I'm nerdy? Do they think I can't dance? Do they think I'm too short? Do they think I'm attractive? Do they think I'm gay? Do they think my voice is deep enough? Do they think I'm laid back? Do they think I'm fake? Do they think I'm a pussy? Do they think I get girls? Do they think my dick is small? Do they think I'm dressed well? Do they think I'm shy? Do they think I'm lame for a black guy? Do they think I act too white? Do they notice the awkwardness when I talk? Do they think I speak well? Do they think I ask too many questions? This causes me to lie to the people around me, including my family about little things that it's unnecessary to lie about. To put on this front of fake confidence when inside I feel like I'm not worth shit. I blow off my friends and then justify it to myself that I'm somehow too good for them. I don't pick up phone calls from family members and try to keep to myself. I just do nothing all day and wait for shit to come to me. I'm not the guy that gets girls, when it comes to trying to actually start a relationship with a girl my awkwardness and lameness just begins to show itself and she immediately senses it and can tell I'm not shit. I've had sex with 2 girls in my life and couldn't actually bust a nut for whatever reason. I'm an asshole to the people around me that do really nice things for me but somehow my brain keeps justifying my behavior and I keep doing it. I can't bring myself to do anything that is remotely productive or will help me better my life. I'm self aware to the point where I know I'm being a complete piece of shit but I can't find the motivation to turn it around. It's like my brain telling me I'll be content just living in my parents house until I'm fucking 60 years old. Somehow when I look in the mirror I see myself as an attractive man, I just look super young for 23, people say I look as young as 16 so I'm also self conscious about that which also makes me put on this facade when I'm around people. Recently for long stretches of months I just go completely ghost and don't leave the house or do anything of use. On the bright side I've had many positive experiences in life where I've felt my potential as a person start to become realized. I have a degree in communication studies from a top 15 university in the US. I have a family that loves and supports me (but probably wants me to move out just as much as I want to move out). This is all pretty incoherent and stream of consciousness but my brain is just really jumbled right now and I had to vent. I need to turn my fuckin life around.