Opened up to a "friend" about my depression. It could've gone better.
Hello, Reddit.

I've never posted here before. I'm a bit nervous about sharing this story (I'm very shy, even anonymously), so I want to thank you in advance for taking the time to read it. I'm hoping that just getting it off my chest will help, even if only a little. Also, I'm sorry if this post rambles on a bit or is incoherent at all, I'm not in the best state of mind at the moment.

Earlier today, during our school's lunch break, I opened up to somebody I trusted about my depression and anxiety. I've been on a steep downward spiral recently, and this person had taken notice that something was wrong. She sat me down, grabbed us a couple of sodas, and told me to spill my guts. Normally, I would have simply told her that everything was fine, and made some lame excuse like "I didn't sleep well last night" or "I'm just worried about my exam scores". But this was the first time that anybody had ever reached out to try and help, so I decided to be truthful. I thanked her for offering to listen, and explained that I had never shared this with anybody else, so I might struggle to fully express myself. She was understanding, and told me to take as much time as I needed. 

I was very careful not to unload everything on her, I basically told her exactly what I said at the start of this post: that I struggle with depression and anxiety, and that it's been getting a lot worse recently. Initially, it seemed like it was going well. She had several follow-up questions, some of which I wasn't entirely comfortable answering. However, for the first time in years I felt a genuine sense of hope, and felt like someone actually cared about me, so I answered them anyway. Eventually, she asked me what was causing all of this. I explained that while there are certainly things that contribute to my depression on a day-to-day basis, at the root of it, there isn't really a reason. It's just who I am, almost as if it's hardwired into my brain. It's hard to explain. Do any of you understand what I'm talking about?

Anyway, this is where things took a turn. While I was trying to explain that, she stopped me and said: "I'm sorry, I can't do this. I offered to help cause I thought you were just having girl problems, or school problems, or something. I didn't realize you were totally emo. We're not in high school anymore. Besides, you're a guy, just toughen up". That last part stung. I knew that was a common sentiment in our society, but to hear it coming from her, someone I've been friends with since high school, really took me by surprise. I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say anything. I just kind of looked down at my lap. We sat quietly for a moment, until she got up and started gathering her things. As she started to walk away I said: "I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable, I wasn't trying to do that." She looked back at me and said: "Look, a big reason I'm friends with you is because of your positive attitude. It's infectious, and I love that about you. But if that's really just a mask, then you should probably just keep the mask on if we're going to continue being friends.", and then she left. 

She texted me a few hours later and said: "I hope you're able to move past your issues so our friendship can move forward". I haven't responded, and don't plan to. I cry myself to sleep at night enough as it is without also worrying about maintaining a fake personality for her. I probably won't be opening up to anyone like that again anytime soon (except, of course, to all of you wonderful people on the internet). Deep down, I know that most of the people in my life wouldn't react the way she did. But I just don't think I can build up the motivation to try it, not when I struggle just to get up in the morning.

I want to thank you all again. Not just for reading my story, but for being a part of this community. Depression and anxiety really suck, and nobody should have to suffer through them alone.

...I'm gonna go hug my pillow now. 