Living in a different state of being
The following is very hard to explain, so I'll start with the basic stuff. Ever since the tweveth year of my life I've been suffering from depression. Which started mildly and progressead to the point of great severity. Right now I'm 17 and the state of consciousness I live in is... well, different and frightening.

This started hapening a year or two ago. The reality stared shifting and changing around me. Visually, audiably and by the sheer feeling and vibe that it gives off. I'm seriously starting to doubt in solid truth about existence. There has to be something beyond science of the human brain and something beyond the regular humam perception. Or is it just dysfunction in my brain due to my mental issues? Decide for yourself. Here's how things go down.

Déja vu happening 2-5 times a day. I'm walking by a house and all of the sudden I feel like I've been inside of it or met people who live there. Which is really wierd because I have no idea who lives inside of it nor have I seen the house before. Even looking at the pictures of fields, cities, forests etc. I'm getting strong sensations within myself that I'm only able to describe as feeling as if I've had interactions with those objects/places.

Walking around and observing sorroundings can make them transmit a "signal" to me and it feels as if the tree or a wall or a street lamp is trying to "tell" me something. I know this sounds crazy but I even manage to suprise myself every time I feel that way. Even walking through a completly empty space with no living beings or objects around can induce a slight communication attempt.

I can't sleep propertly. I wake up every hour or so. The time between sleeping and being awake, lying in my bed can induce severe mind shifts. For example, I'm able to willfully control people which I generate in my dreams before I'm woken up by myself. I'm doing it regardless of being awake or not, between the states of sleeping. I can also generate and destroy emotions and thoughts. It's like, at that time between sleeping and being awake I can control myself like a puppet. I have a cockpit for controling myself and I can do it with 100% accuracy in every single aspect. Being fully awake at the daytime, I can't seem to do it.

In cases of being exposed to huge ammounts of fear or stress, the time slows down. My visual field of view slightly expands and gets all blurry. I start feeling like I'm going to die. Literally. The collapsing feeling inside my gut rises and grabs hold of my entire body.

Anger progresses at it's own will. I have no power of controlling it. I can literally feel it having it's own mind and will. Also the impulse to hurt myself which I rarely get has a mind of it's own too. But when I do get it, I inflict some nasty scars on my body. Just because I eilt like I had to do it and had no control of it.

If I somehow end up feeling happy, the happines takes an agressive turn. I start acting like a complete maniac...

This was written in one go. I can't seem to remember anything else at this moment. I've seen therapists before but they did nothing for me and I've never been so honest and open to anyone before about this thungs before writing this to you guys. I'm sure that my firends or familly wouldn't take me seriously. At least by writing this I can get a chance to discuss these issues. Let me know if you have idea about the ways I can help myself.