My First Real Episode
Hey guys... I just really need to word soup to get things out that have been on my mind that I have not shared with anyone close to me, I feel as if this is the only way to fight this feeling of sadness.



So to start everything off, I never thought that I would be typing these words as I am now. Not to say that I'm ashamed of it, but just because I never felt I had anyone to share with. I never have felt like I was able to confide in my close friends or family because I don't want them to carry the burden of my troubles, and I used to feel like it would just be a form of attention seeking to try and explain to others how I feel sometimes.



With that being said, I feel as if I truly hit my lowest of lows about an hour ago and the sad thing is that I cannot really describe the feeling... because all it felt like was just a severe sense of nothingness. I felt as if I was experiencing an out of body sensation, and my mind could not calculate any sense of emotion besides this feeling of dread that was accompanied by a warmth-like feeling starting from the back of my brain and slowly taking over my head.



It's been happening a lot lately during the night... especially since I've been moderately sick lately and it feels like my body is giving up on me no matter what I try... eating healthy and exercising only takes away the feelings of loneliness and sickness a little bit. What really helps is interaction with others, whether it be watching live programs or being on xbox talking to people or being in chat rooms because it gives me a small sense of community and belonging that I lose when my mind is left alone to itself.



 I know it sounds stupid, but lately I've just been envisioning my feelings as the mind flayer monster from Stranger Things because it helps me make a little more sense of everything to a degree when I envision the feelings as something physical... I just wish it was a bit easier to find the focal point/issue that makes me this way to improve not only my life but also the lives of others around me.


