My Fictional Home
   I stared outside, and watched the cold atmosphere awake me. The sun’s rays blocked by the magnificent beauty above us all; an urban scape filling my view around me. I felt a grave sadness strike all in the same spots for my daily routine, crippling what was left of my head. I grabbed the bicycle, and went along the path to any good in my life.

   ‘A nearly missed accident up ahead,’ I reminded myself. I hit the button to change colors, and awaited a stop that could mean a sour tardiness or a decent morning. The color changed fast, and I hastily sped across the lines between me and the other side. I arrived, striking the pavement at full speed ahead down the rubber sidewalk.

   A straight path to follow, a new future to envelop soon enough. The fact of the matter was that I had to pray to a god I didn’t believe in if I wanted to warp my happy spirit to glorious utopia. Logic overrides hearts quite rarely, leaving a snowflake and a shock of noise behind the mind that just wants it all to change. My bored mind only somewhat consciously bobbed his head around from side to side, keeping an eye on the reflective sign for a change of heart.

   The observant man coming by on a bicycle or on his own two legs could notice the hurting expression that shone on my face. An insomnia that has outlasted its course, half a heart to spare to the one it belongs to, and the tonnes lying on his stubby shoulders. Whether the man is out to care for their dog, the mail, something; they always take a look to glance at the face of a broken child, often not realizing the fine details in the street lights glowing on my frozen cheeks.

   ‘What did it take to find redemption?’ I often wondered, as grand sunlight was walking upstairs to knock the moon off it’s sleepy stool. I sat and watched a beautiful red giant approach, and drew images in mind to flicker about and echo in my concave dome of secrets. As the flickering opportunity ran full speed in front of me, I turned and felt the imagery toss into the incinerator. A great insecurity washed over the industry working ahead up above, slowing me down as I walked in slowly toward the place to call work.

   I sat the bicycle at it’s rack, hands in pocket as I blinked at the glaring sun. A numbness hit my heart, and for the next eight hours, I’d lose who I was, only coming back at the rise of a pounding rain. I walked from a distant building, taking the long path to a home that didn’t know me. I took the rugged bicycle, and stared up above at the shadowy clouds.

   I leaned forward over the handlebars, watching the patterns fly past my visions. I lifted up again, opening my voice to play a tune, looking for a face to redeem my little work. I went onward, and stared at the home that forgot me. I walked slowly up, placing the bicycle just where it was, hitting the kickstand which had sacrificed my ankle some.

   I opened the door, giving a brief greeting. I entered the meeting room of regrets and lost innocence, stroking my hands over what was a cuddly friend. My vision blurred, feeling the great exhaustion from the night prior taking me over. I curled in the corner, feeling the toilets flushing the pent up pains from an earlier disembarkment of a peanut gallery. I hugged the one thing that brought a soothing to my life, and proceeded to let out an ugly sob, trying to remember who everyone was, as I grabbed a broken mirror, staring at who the blurry stranger was in it.

   I felt myself faint, awaking to two strangers cycling the door between storage and the hands of all waiting for me. “What were you thinking?” the woman asked, “What did you say?” the man asking. “I don’t know.” I responded, lying on my side, as they both awkwardly stepped out, with a cracked expression of what was me walking out. I felt a blankness ride across my body, as I stared upon a wall that reminded me of life.

   I sat stationary, and buried my head under a recording of a person with nothing left. I held my heart, staring out at the dark that I wanted to escape in. A length that no person dared, but a low that felt necessary. I felt an unnecessary realism flow through me, as my arms folded, feeling a coldness drip down my neck.

   I got up, and went to the porch of attempting life again. A moon vanished above me, showing a pine away from me only just by some measurements. The bicycle appeared broken on the road, as I walked to what I remember being the last resort in this world. I walked to a reused bench, and stared out at the murky waters that felt like memories. I looked to my left, seeing a young boy sitting in the back of a delinquent’s wagon, and to my right a child amongst a smaller group, enjoying the finer delicacies of life. In between it all, a fool.

   I cracked my bubbly back, as a soreness hit my veins. I stood slowly, my body tossing and turning inside. The world turned askew, as the sun beat slowly onto my flustered body. I took flight across the ramp of a broken dream, taking a flip that would ruin me for a day. A nostalgia for the life that was simple broke me down slowly, as I felt my walking slow down. I sat by a curb, watching a teenager go away from a regretful sunset on a bench. He sported a terrible frown, forgetting of the one. A light flew by at fast speeds, turning away from my stretched out legs, as a noise emitted from it’s front.

   I stared blankly into the street, feeling my mind shatter into many jagged pieces. A dam blocked the feeling of humanity and a progress of going up in the world. I picked up the pieces, attaching them to my hurting consciousness. I stomped back to a filthy bed, staring into the bright light that fueled no purpose. I spread a message, the bait missing all parties.

   I collapsed, waking to a time of no reply. I logged into what made time fly by, and felt the pains of months wash away within seconds. A second half had joined, and I forgot about all the things around me for the next year. Dawn upon myself shined my sleepy public works to let out a shrieking cry, standing over a bin full of scraps and desperation to fix my bleeding innards. I panicked into a corner, awaiting life’s worst terrors. I stood to nothing, and returned to a hamper of depression. I stared at the dusty fan blades fly full speed, breathing in only to glance at the horrid truth.

   A shadow stood behind my forgotten figure, taunting the fullness above it. I wore a jacket and yelled at it, and it shyly walked. I took a deep breath and walked outside toward the bench once again, staring out at the beautiful waters. A creature came from the waters, approaching me. I held its hand, standing up accordingly. The creature pushed me into a pit full of spikes, as I awoke to half of me missing. I felt a burning inside of me, as my insides waned into a fine drawing of genitalia, washing the deliberate feeling and thought around my head, causing me to let out of a horrific screech of losing a natural ability.

   My body awoke in a new person’s home, as I stared out into the busy road below my sleepy figure. An old woman came out from the corner, as I nervously responded with a gulp. We shared an exchange, as I sat and pondered the shelves of a life that I knew little about. I explored the past, only finding multiple recordings of enthusiasts. I folded my hands, recognizing that I meant nothing here.

   The plane flew slowly away, as the shock went away from my skull, as my heart was left with a small hole. I sat and could not breathe, only feeling a great pain as we jumped into the chair of obnoxious actions. I sat and thought, glancing at the broken mirror. It was me.