My friend is dating my friend's rapist.
my friend, let's call her 'b' is very troubled. i've known her for years and she's always had very severe depressive, suicidal and destructive tendencies. recently, it had gotten to the point where our friendship was struggling because it always felt like i had to be looking for her constantly and making sure she wasn't literally running away to commit suicide (and if i wasn't there for her all the time i felt like a bad friend). anyway, she started talking to this boy (let's name him 's') who I knew fairly well for many bad reasons. He was dating b and I's friend (named 'e') for a long period, and tldr, he was extremely abusive and raped her multiple times during their relationship. B was friends with E. Recently, B decided to begin dating S (after lying about meeting him repeatedly over a couple days period). I cut off the friendship but she kept trying to speak to me as I didn;t think she got my point of not wanting to be her friend but I think I've made it more clear in recent messages. It turns out B may have lied about a lot of things (to the point of manipulating me about my trauma, telling me certain people said things about me and didn't like me. she says they definitely said it but the people say otherwise so I don't know who to believe. she has extreme 'stories' that i don't know if are true anymore either). B thinks that me cutting off the friendship is to an extent not fair as it's not my business to make her choose between her now boyfriend and me. I disagree - she is dating our friend's rapist (well not her friend anymore) and I find it disgusting and I can't be friends with her due to this. 

Mostly, I am paranoid that I am.. well.. wrong. Overreacting, as it's not 100% to do with me - I was friends with him during him and E's relationship but not after I knew of the way he treated her. Do you think I am doing the right thing or should I continue our friendship separately?

TLDR: My friend is dating my other friend's rapist. Am I overreacting by cutting off my friendship with her completely?