I dropped an internet friend several months ago and I regret it.
I met her like almost 3 years ago. We were very close internet friends and would talk basically every day. She was amazing. In real life i had basically no friends. She was the only friend I had. I'm sure this led me to having unhealthy views on relationships. I still have unhealthy habits and feelings towards relationships. Anyways, the trouble began when on instagram, our main chatting platform, she began to gain friends from just common interests and such. She started posting screenshots of her friends and her dm conversations and how funny they were. She then would post screenshots of her group chat conversations and how funny they were. All of this would happen, and I would still be waiting for a simple reply. I didn't get it. I still don't really get it. I was there for her for so long. She didn't have many friends in real life or online either. But once she had gotten these new internet friends she would ignore me? She would reply up to three or four days later. She also made a whole separate account where she would post as well which she never even told me about and I had to find out myself when she spoke about it on her main account. I finally had enough and sent her a long explanation about my feelings and stuff and didn't speak to her after that. And the funny thing is that she didn't reply to my explanation for two weeks. And suddenly she was like ":( nooo pls :((" etc
Typing all of this, I lowkey am getting annoyed..
I just want someone to smack some sense into me. Like it's been so long and I still think about her. It wasn't like she was a bad friend, but she just fuckin ignored me and basically left me. 
I usually think about her when I'm feeling lonely or my irl best friend starts to treat me like shit and ignores me.. but that's a different story...
Right now, I'm thinking about dming her and just having small talk. I feel like it's a bad idea, but also it could reunite us and we could be friends again? 
It's probably a bad idea and I probably won't do it though..
Please give me words of wisdom.