Obesity Is Killing Our Friendship
Context - I'm 21 F, my friend is 24 F.  Both students living alone.

Obesity related health issues don't just run in her family - they've killed almost half her relatives. Six years ago, she ate fine, sure she was "curvy" but that was her build, her nature. She went on walks with her friends. Now she can barely make it to her front door. Her cousin - in his teens - died recently from heart failure. Weight related.

Yet, she continues to put on weight, eat awful food - like taking home meat double burgers from mc donalds and then re-frying them at home, for breakfast, plus sweets, every day - and also taking energy drinks all day followed by sleeping pills at night. That is, physically, killing her according to her doctors, but there's where our issues as friends start.

What's killing out friendship is her desperation - but absolute lack of effort - when it comes to loosing weight. She talks about switching back to eating the things that, when we first met, she loved - banana breakfast smoothies and chicken schnitzel. She even did a Go Fund Me for a stomach reduction surgery. Has seen more nutritionists than I knew existed. Yet whatever happens, she only eats more, or worse. She was told to stop eating pringles, and replace them with a healthy alternative like corn wafers but instead, she swapped them for deep fried pork buns. And so on.

Friends have always offered to help, to buddy up, to go with. I've been on diets she ditched the first day. I've been to the gym only to have her "go bathroom" out the front door. Everyone else gave up.

It doesn't help that her family, Fijian-Indians, seem to see food as the only way to show love. The early years, when she actually tried to diet, they'd constantly bring her fatty treats because they thought she looked too skinny. And of course, she'd eat them. And they'd bring more.

I have seen her go through almost four years of pretending she'll try. I've gotten so excited and so happy and so hopeful only to have it thrown in my face. I love her, but in all honesty, I don't want to keep waiting and watching for her to die. Because that's what the diagnosis has been for the past 6 months - change her life, or die from complications. But all she does is whine about being fat, and then ask me to order in pizza. 

What would you do?  I don't want to continue to watch her kill herself, but I can't think of anything I can possibly do to help her change.