Uneasy family members
I have had a rough and lonely childhood, in fact i do not want to remember my childhood. There used to be daily fights in the house between my mom and dad. My mom used to talk rudely then and talks rudely even now. She behaves differently outside the house and is a complete different person inside the house, behaves as though we are a burden for her. My dad is no angel either, he is arrogant and adamant, impatient and often has anger control problems, never felt close to him when a child and even now. Never felt any love towards my parent, I always had thoughts about running away from them. To add fuel to the fire my Father's mother will try to instigate any fight on any trivial matter between my mom and dad,I stayed all along with her throughout my childhood but I always thought of her as a monster. She never allowed me or my brother to ever mingle with other children freely and we didn't have many friends. I feel suffocated between my family and want to move away from them shift to another place and be independent. I have finished my graduation and still stay with my family but i feel they sap my energy and I am always negative and depressed staying with them. Criticism is a big part of our family, you are not spared if you make even a minute mistake. Appreciation word is not in my family's dictionary. On top of that my family is conservative and my mom is very very conservative in the bad sense. She will criticize other girls and women for wearing slightly short or tight clothes, but if someone wears the same clothes in our family she will applaude it. My father too judges women based on the clothes they wear and how they look, he doesn't spare men either calling them names based on their physical features. I am tired with this outlook and want to leave the house as soon as possible.There is no room for opinion in my family, especially my father who does not want to listen to anybody else and has fought with me on several occasions. He does not spare me insulting in front of other people. I don't feel easy staying along with them and at the same time feel guilty for depending financially on them. I have always felt hate for them in my heart and mind. Though they have provided me with all the facilities they have not provided understanding and love...they never understood me.What should I do?