How to cope with disrespectful and lying friend?
HI I'm new to reddit so please bear with me

So this is the situation: 
My friend and I often interact while playing online games as we're both huge nerds and gamers. I really enjoy spending time with her. However she has this other friend that I really dislike and I would rather play alone than put up with interacting with her friend. I have on multiple occasions expressed my discomfort with her friend and she has acknowledged it but would still invite him anyways without asking me. When that happens I usually just say sorry I don't feel like playing. Sorry for being difficult. She knows her friend will repel me. So anyways after sometime I asked if I can request not to invite him when I'm playing with her and would understand if she said no cause I realize it's a selfish request. She said it's ok no problem. So then we proceed to our routine and there's no issue whatsoever. I told her if it's too difficult to say no or your friend keeps bugging you about it I can go as I didn't want to make it difficult with my own selfishness. 

The problem a rise when she invited a mystery friend with different name. I suspected and knew that it was her friend that I disliked so immediately asked who that was and she said it's just a random. Not happy with her lying I went off to calm down and confronted her about it, trying to be as clear and straight to the point as I can. I expressed that what she did was hurtful and disrespectful in my point of view. I told her I'm not pleased at the fact she lied even when I called her out. So I said it's on her to resolve this issue. She replied saying there is no issue and what she did was fine. Saying it wasn't disrespectful and its not a big lie plus it was to see if I would even notice its her friend. Long story short she said if it was her she wouldn't be angry cause she's a grown up and that I'm being immature and childish by blowing things out of proportion over such joke-trivial matter. 

So this is more or less the situation and at the moment it's not good. As she thinks I'm in the wrong and she's right. I have considered the fact that I am wrong and have asked for an outside opinion but all my friends are just angry at how she's treating me. 

I understand that she can be friends with and spend time with whoever she wants. It's her life afterall. I'm not making her choose cause I know it's selfish and wrong so I'm choosing to remove myself in that situation as it's the only thing to do besides putting up with her friend. My problem is the fact that she attempted to trick me to play together with her friend and continue lying about it upon confrontation. Also by doing so I feel disrespected as she completely disregarded my feelings and opinion in the matter. I would have been perfectly fine if she told me at the start her friend wants to play and she can't really say no or she wants to play with him etc etc. In that case I'll just make myself scarce which I have no issue on doing. Instead she resorted to being deceitful with something so simple and dumb. There's quite a lot more so I'll probably update this but this is in essence more of less the situation. 