Help with/what to do about toxic sister?
(Sorry for sloppy wall and if this isn't the right thread) As the title says I don't know what to do about my 29 year old sister. She is known by the family to be immature, selfish, and impulsive. She repeatedly burns bridges with family when she does not get her way and will give them the short end of a deal if it benefits her (ie. Not paying my financially struggling mother back on the multiple occasions of covering her rent or car payment because she decided to use her paycheck on a new TV or $200 purse). I'd love to not speak to her and never go to her place but because she is the mother of my 2 year old niece this is not possible. To give you some perspective, she has fights with my niece's father who got their old apartment raided by the police for selling heroin (finding heroin and a pistol in a safe in the apartment) to the point of yelling and hitting, even late at night when the child should be asleep, right in front of my niece. Because her father is soon going on trial and to prison for a long time (ex convict in possession of a firearm on top of selling heroin) and as previously stated, my sister being a half-assed parent, I am left to clean up after her when it comes to my niece. I have to be consistent in teaching her not to hit people and not to spit at them. Again, to give you some perspective, I am 15 years old and do not need the stress of making sure a child grows up to be a decent person on my plate. My sister has multiple DUI and assault charges which have resulted in her drivers license being revoked yet she continues to drive with my niece in the car even when everyone who knows her and cares about the child tells her not to. Although she is better now she is still a complete ass of a parent with her first kid dying before the age of one and losing custody of her two other sons about 9 years ago (older one being 13 and the other being 9). I am actually convinced her uterus is hexed because every time she has a kid shit goes horribly south which makes me terrified in the case of my niece. In the winter of 2016 my sister attempted suicide (my niece being just under 1) and while her drug dealer boyfriend screamed at her while she laid on the floor saying she wanted to die I had to make sure the child was still sleeping through all of it in the next room. Now although few and far apart, I've had my struggles with depression so I understand how difficult postpartum depression can be but even then I believe as a parent you always put the child first in every scenario. On top of everything else she completely spoils my niece buying her an unnecessary amount of toys and candy whenever she reaches for it at the store and I know she is not going to be able to handle it when my niece wants something at the mall my sister absolutely cannot afford at the moment and her entire worldview changes when she realizes she does not get everything she wants when she wants it. Although I mostly enjoy being alone and I have never been in a relationship I can only imagine possible significant others would not be totally understanding when I try to explain that my niece comes first which only adds to the stress and worry. To be clear, my sister is not neglectful and provides for my niece with everything a child needs such as diapers, food, bed, cleaning, etc. but if she continues this way (which I know she will) my niece will grow up with the same characteristics as my sister and it's just about all up to me to make sure that doesn't happen. Can someone please, PLEASE help me?