I'm a [M/17] A guy and I both know each other but never spoke a word, how can I approach him.
Before telling you about my problem that I seek advice for, let me tell you about my personality. I don't have any real friends, I just have acquaintances, if you will, people who I see in school mostly and spend some time with occasionally, I find myself to be happier this way since I could focus more on what I like most (Science and music) I basically spend a vast majority of my time alone even when I go out to the cinema or to get dinner I have no one but myself, I was like this since I was a kid, so due to this my social skills aren't great, I turn red most of the times when I speak to new people and just wish I'd turn into a tree just so I could escape the situation. However, I can speak on a stage in front of thousands of people if I had to, as long as it is not a direct interaction or I already know the people I'm speaking with, I am good.

With that said, over the past year, I found myself trapped in a social situation beyond my understanding, I genuinely don't fully understand how this relationship (If you could call it that in the first place) developed in the first place but here is a recap of what happened. A little bit over a year ago in my school. Some guy and I sat around the same table in the library, this happened because the library was packed that day and there was no other place other than that table, so we just sat opposite to eachother not saying a word, and I'm pretty sure each one of us didnt know that the other existed in the first place, days went by and everyday I went to the library I'd sit in the same place and the same goes for him, even when the library was completely empty we'd sit in the exact same place, by this time we knew eachother but never spoke a single word I guess we got used to eachother and if a day went by without one of us being there I'm pretty sure we'd feel a bit blue. By the time we were done with our exams we stopped coming to the library and did not see each other that often until our classes got moved and my homeroom happened to be just opposite of his, and this is where the bollocks started, we got to see one another way more often, In the corridor, the bathroom, on the way out to the buses, and as we passed by eachother, we'd always just stare at eachother still not speaking a single word, we both know eachother but pretended that we didn't. We would find our selves in group conversations since we have mutual friends, we still wouldn't directly speak but if I say a joke he's going to laugh and vice versa. I developed some kind of liking for this guy, I almost consider him to be a friend although we never spoke, I'd like to say hi, but as I said before I will probably turn so red that I'd melt, and even if I was courageous enough and had the social skills to do so I don't even know if he wants to talk maybe he doesn't like me or consider me a friend, maybe I'm just an obnoxious kid he sees way too often. Now we see each other every day in the morning, I don't know how the hell it happens but we go to the restroom at the same exact time in the morning (I guess we both arrive at the same time). So this is a short version of what happened, this is bugging me and I've been losing sleep over it, what do I do?

Sorry for the long post and rubbish grammar (English isn't my first language) Thanks in advance.