Am I being too harsh?
I have a cousin(we'll call him Joe) who is the closest thing I have ever had to a best friend.  We used to do everything together.  Throughout the years we would party our asses off in college, spend holidays together, play video games; literally everything together.  About a year ago, I started to notice that he was making some bad life choices.  Particularly, these bad choices involved drinking and driving, pushing relationships away, and hanging out with the wrong type of people.  At first, it didn't really affect our friendship.  We've always respected each others separate lives when we weren't hanging out.  It was when I started to notice the changes mentioned above that I started to bring it up.  One weekend, the whole friendship imploded.  

Some of my friends were coming into town.  Joe was friends with them as well, so I was planning a great time for all of us.  Friday, we went out to a local bar and were all having fun.  Joe has a girlfriend, who wasn't able to join us until the following Saturday morning due to work obligations.  They had been dating for about 3 months, and Joe had been constantly pushing her away, pretending he didn't care about her when I thought she was a stand up gal that could really help him.  That Friday night, Joe ends up making out with an ugly, fat, unnattractive old acquaintenance of ours.  I confronted Joe and told him to cut the shit or I would knock his ass out.  He stopped messing around with the girl and pretended everything was fine.  I confronted him, calling him out for how he chooses to make his life miserable with his actions.  I forced him to tell his girlfriend what he did.  After sending the text, he drove home drunk from the bar.

The next day, Saturday, my friends, Joe, and I all met up at a local event in my hometown.  Joe apologized to me and said he was glad I was there to make things right.  I forgave him and we proceeded to have a great time at the event(which is basically just a big tailgate party).  Near the end of the day, Joe's girlfriend was finally able to show up and join the festivities.  She didn't seem bothered by his actions of the previous night, which made me happy because Joe needed someone like her in his life.  Well, as the evening continued, Joe wouldn't stop drinking.  I kept telling him to take it easy, but it was in his head that he wanted to keep the party going at any rate.

That evening, Joe ditched me and everyone in the group, including his girlfriend, to go to the bars with some random people he met at the local event.  We were all there together, and then he disappeared, gone without a trace or text.  He told his girlfriend to wait in a near by parking lot while he finished partying.  She ended up calling me, crying, asking me to help her find him.  I tried to call Joe multiple times, and was ignored and sent to voicemail.  At this point, I'm full of rage from his actions now and the night prior.  Why would he treat me, his "best friend", and his girlfriend like this?  I text him, saying how upset I am and that he needs to be a man and figure his life out becuase he's pushing those closest to him away.  Later that night(around 2AM), I get calls from people at the local event that know me saying that he is making out with random chicks again and eventually was arrested by the police.  They're telling me to come get him before the police take him to jail.  I refuse.  Turned out he didn't actual get arrested(so he claimed), I've never found out the truth of that night.

It's been over a year since I've talked to him.  I don't answer his calls or reply to his texts.  When I go home to my local town, he always texts me and says he wants to come over and visit or that he wants to meet up.  He pretends that his actions didn't completely ruin our friendship.  I demand that he holds himself accountable and changes his lifestyle.  I won't respond to him until he has acknowledged how he has acted and makes an attempt to fix the problem: drinking alchohol and pretending we(closest people in his life) mean nothing to him.

My question:  Am I being too harsh?  Treating him like this breaks my heart.  He was my best friend, we had promised to be each other's best men in our weddings.  I don't know any other way for him to recognize how awful of a person he has become and to help him learn that he can't live his life like this.