How do I end this, or can I fix it?
ok, so it's kinda a long story.. but me and my best friend met in high school, we clicked right away, there was this bond ( and kinda still is? ) between us, we would never separate, always talking etc. Still in highschool she cut me out of her life sudendly for a whole year. I dont know why I continue trying to talk to her, but maybe it would have been better for us if it had end there, and eventually she came around and asked to go out with her, we didnt talk at all about that, she just gave me a note saying why she did that, wich honestly didnt tell much except saying she has depression and didnt know what she was doing...She said she always hurts everyone so she cut me out. Years later, we didnt talk that much as before, but were still really good friends, then I started to notice that me or other friends counldn say anything to her if it was something that upset her. Sometimes it was so stupid that she got mad at me because I didnt agree with her opinion over an actor... She would rage in games with everyone, and stop talking.. now the part that hurts me like hell is that she would cut us all out of her life, for like weeks, then come back like nothing happen. She would never tell me whats wrong, if I tried to talk about more serious stuff she would step away again. Eventually I got tired, and told her that we couldnt go on like this.
 
So I stoped talking to her, 2 months later I decided to give another shot, what happen was exactly the same. So I stoped talking again, and I though it was for good, we only talked when we were with all our friends etc. Then I learnt a few months later that she wanted to commit suicide. She actually tried it, said her mom, and was admited to an hospital. I was heart broken, thinking about losing her forever took over my jugdment... So I went to the hospital, and we talk normally. Then after she got out we had a conversation, face to face, about her stoping doing all that to me, she said she was going to try, and promised me, PROMISED ME that she would tell me when something was wrong, or when she would like to be left alone so I didnt worry as much, and that she would talk to me if I ever said something wrong about her. Everything was going great, amazing really. I could tell she was better with her medicine and all, but that only last 3 months. Now she had a problem with a boy she likes or something, pretended that everything was ok, despited her answers said otherwise, and started ignoring me. I was mad and said, some things never change, and she responded to me saying she was a lost cause. I wrote a whole text to her saying I want to be her friend, but that will only work as long as shes honest with me and stops pushing me away... she wanst answered yet. she also never said to me that shes sorry she hurts me, even thoug I say that to her when I hurt her. I feel like Im in a toxic relationship, that I always find my way back in again. Is there a way to fix this? or should I just give up for good?