Family problems
Hello, I want to talk about things in my household now, and maybe get some opinions on it.
Okay, so my sister is 22, she's the oldest. I'm 14, the middle child, and my brother who's 12 is the youngest. Our dad works abroad and comes back a few times a year. But we talk on phone almost everyday. My sister studies in a university and comes back usually on weekends and then maybe some other days depending on her schedule. 
When she comes back everyone in the house starts fighting and she's the problem. When she's home, everything we do is wrong. We were "raised" wrong. Mom "spoils" us. Mom doesn't "love" her. We "don't want her here". And when my mom says that she causes the problems she bursts into tears, goes to her room, cries for a bit and leaves to her boyfriends house because "she feels loved there". And that's how it always goes. She comes back, says that my brother doesn't do anything in this is house and that he's a spoiled brat, fights over something, bursts into tears and leaves. She is very emotional. When she accuses my brother of something and he calls her some kind of name she immediately stars crying like it's the end of the world. 
Last night she texted my mom, saying that she raised us poorly and that mom doesn't love her. She said that she's gonna be leaving our home and won't come back because "we don't want her there". 
Of course, me, as  the peace maker in the family, wrote her a huge message about how she is wrong, how we actually love her is just that she doesn't see it and everything else. She wrote back, about how I'm wrong, about how my brother is spoiled and again, everything else.
I will agree, my brother is the youngest and he can be a brat. But that's the point, he's the youngest. And I don't see how you can make a problem out of everything. Like dude chill oml you're not dying. Guys, how the hell do we make her understand. Or maybe she should leave? Get some time alone? Maybe understand herself better? But she's an almost adult, she should be the smart one, she one that understands.