Should I cut my losses &amp; move on?
I have a co-worker &amp; friend that I’ve gotten to know really well since we started working together almost 2 years ago. He seemed a bit socially awkward so I befriended him. We started hanging out &amp; we shared some pretty deep things with each other. He’s not big on emotions but he said he just feels comfortable talking to me about things. 

However, he’s a self proclaimed “bad” friend. He wants friendships on his rules, his terms &amp; there is no real sense of urgency in getting back to you.  He’ll not text me back for days. When I check on him he tells me I shouldn’t worry (I’m a worrier by nature). He says he doesn’t owe me anything yet tells me I’m one of the only people who has ever shown him unconditional love in a friend sort of way. 

One of my biggest pet peeves is when people ignore me. Im sure he knows that &amp; he does it on purpose at times. But, I also know that’s just who he is based on how other co-workers talk about him at work. I can be very overbearing at times myself. I try not to be but I get really insecure about our friendship if he just ignores me; like I did something wrong to warrant being ignored??!? 

I just feel like this friendship is so up &amp; down. He has no regard for my feelings or how his actions make me feel. He thinks emotions are dumb. He says they just cause problems &amp; people get hurt. He literally almost never shows emotion in any situation. However, I have seen him cry before &amp; I know he is capable of loving someone. He claims he has no love to give because he has such a poor opinion of himself. 

I’ve never had a friendship that has been this difficult to maintain. I always feel like I’m doing something wrong. It’s like walking on eggshells. I’m thinking about just ending the friendship but we still work together. I tend to get VERY passive aggressive when I am hurt. I know I will start to get that way at work toward him while he will be as polite &amp; professional as can be because that’s how he is. He controls his emotions SO well. I just don’t know what to do...

TL; DR- thinking of ending a friendship with a co-worker after becoming very close, feels like walking on eggshells. 