My family might break apart...
Sorry this is a long post.
Yes I know this is common thing sadly. But I don’t want it to, 12 years my family have been together.

Just to start off,
There is me, my brother, my dad and mum.

So my dad has anger issues. His parents never told him it was wrong so he has been like this all his life. Our mum is his second wife because his first wife divorced him for all the reasons I’m about to mention.
We only listen to him because he rules out of fear, he isn’t teaching us anything, and is a bad influence on us. When he gets annoyed he yells really loudly on purpose for everyone to hear (including our neighbours) then drives off for an hour. He’s always threatening to me and my brother, “I’LL KICK YOU IN THE FACE”, “YOU’LL END UP IN HOSPITAL.”
I’ve despised him for about 3 weeks and it’s actually a lot better when he drives off and vanishes. Problem is, he makes 80% of our money.

My brother is slowly becoming like my dad.I’m trying to help him, my mum is trying to help him but it isn’t working. I believe he can still change because he’s still young (12). He yells at our parents trying to prove he is right all the time. Problem is, he won’t listen to us unless our dad threatens him and scares him into stopping. Heres the big problem, he is a messy person and our mum is a very tidy person, she tells him all the time clean up but he says, “I’ll do it later”, but never actually does it. So my mum and brother argue often about this. He says he doesn’t care about who he is becoming, but I know he does. Despite all the tension between me and my brother I still love him very much. 

My mum is the only reason our family is still together. She ends up stopping dad from slapping/threatening us and is the one that teaches me and my brother right from wrong. She’s basically carrying our whole family and I feel bad about it. I love her very much and I feel so much empathy for her. She was a good daughter and this is the life she grew up for. It’s sad, really.

And me, I was also becoming like my dad, but ever since Mid 2017 I’ve had a fear of me or my brother becoming like him in the future. I’m using my words, I’m trying not to yell. I’m trying not to walk off after every arguement so I can tame my temper. I’ve slipped a few times, but this fear is actually changing me for the better.
I’m telling my brother not to answer back to our parents but he won’t listen. I’m trying to help my mum because I feel sorry for her. So recently, it’s me and my mum trying to stop my brother from yelling at us, stopping our dad threating/slapping us. I’m trying to get my brother to see the future like me. 

So just yesterday, my brother made a light-hearted joke to my dad and he got mad and slapped him. Later that evening, our mum asked him why he did that. So he drove off and came back at 1am. After this, our mum and dad haven’t spoken to each other. This morning my brother keeps arguing his point to our mum, I try to support her.
My dad has done nothing. All he did was wake up, drove off and come back at 7:30pm to sleep, then he drove off again.
So just a few hours ago, my mum tells my brother to clean up. This causes a arguement. I support mum, but my brother won’t stop yelling. I told him to stop 3 times but he told me, “You don’t have the authority to tel me to do anything”.  After this my mum asks me, “what should we do now?” Then I messaged my brother and things have been solved between us. 

Thats too much arguements for just 2 days, don’t you think? 
And my mum is right, what can we do? 

There’s too much problems with all of us, and we’re all depending on each other so it’s not easy. My mum would’ve divorced dad long ago if she had the money. 
I want me, my brother and mum to live together peacefully away from the bad influence of our dad.

We haven’t called the authorities because my mum is afraid of what will happen to our dad.
We haven’t got outside help because our parents think it’s embarassing.

So, what choices do we have?

