My husband is not my best friend. Friends jealous of friends.
My husband isn’t my best friend and that’s ok. In fact, it’s more than ok. Yes, he is my friend but our connection is deeper than that. We are building our lives as one. Sharing our day to day, filling them with constant support and security. I love my husband deeply but we are also different people. He plays video games and I do arts and crafts. He watches war movies and I go to brunch. I value my friendships &amp; consider them a priority in a different light than the priority my spousal relationship takes. Because of our many differences, I take and make the time to build on my friendships. If their partners are their best friends, I am truly so happy for them. What a beautiful thing to find.

  However, I tend to notice that those are the friends that often get jealous of my other friendships or the plans I make with others. I hope that I make it clear how much they mean to me because that is all I can do. I don’t have a live-in best friend. I don’t spend all of my hours or all of my days with my partner. I have different people in my life for different reasons. I love them all. I think my biggest insecurity/worry is that feeling that I’m sometimes expected to put my life, needs or other friendships on hold while those with “partner bffs” hang out with their bffs. Not everyone can understand, so I have to teach myself to let go of the guilt. Truthfully though I just reaaaaallly wish my friends with bff partners could understand so they’d stop getting jealous. They want me to be and still call me their best friend but they already have one. We were “best friends” till they found their partners and I harbor zero resentment for that, all I want is happiness for all of us. Sure you can have more than one best friend, but I simply don’t take their priority anymore.  But so I have to move on, ya know? I keep in touch and try to maintain our friendship but when I get closer to a different friend it angers them in a way. If I make plans for a trip with a different friend I am ridden with guilt. Do I just tell myself to get over it? I’m doing my best? I know there’s nothing but love on my part. So it’s not truly my problem, right? (Easier said than done with that mindset though)

TLDR: my friends boyfriends/fiancés are their best friends. They get jealous of me getting close with or making plans with other friends while theyhangs with their bff partners. Not my fault right?