Close friend becoming distant....
So I’ve (f,21) had a friend (m,21) that I’ve known for over two years, and we typically text or snap daily. There are times where we are texting or snapping straight for a couple of hours or we get busy with other stuff so we reply when we have a chance. Two weeks ago we had been hanging out at his place and everything to me seemed normal. Then out of the blue this week I feel as though he’s become extremely distant. He stopped basically replying to me at all. It’s been a couple of days in a row that he only responds a couple of times in the morning and then is gone during the entire day. Since I’ve known him, he has never been this way. (I'm sure some might say he's in a relationship, but he's currently single. Plus when he was in a relationship, he didn't act this way.)

So last week I had sent him something early in the day and he didn’t reply until the following day. I didn’t think much of it because the next couple of days we were chatting like nothing and I was sure he was completely busy. Keep in mind, this was a couple days before he basically went blank on me. It actually got me thinking of what I had said that first day and think why he’d be so mad possibly to respond. The day that it had all started I had told him I had applied to a place and had gotten a interview the following day. I told him this even though he’s told me he’s been applying to different places and hasn’t gotten a single interview. When I told him I didn’t think that it would affect him that much since he’s told me he’d never apply to the place I’m gonna start working at. (Like he straight up told me he’d rather die than work at that place.) However, he's not the type to be petty or take things like that extremely hard and to heart.

I’m not sure how I should think about all of this.I have anxiety (which is why I’m stressing) but I’m telling myself he may be going through something and I don’t want to just push him. We’ve gotten extremely close enough to the point where we’ve discussed things that are vulnerable things. He's dealt with major stuff and so have I, so I also find it weird that he wouldn’t talk to me about any of it (if it was something personal).

Should I continue waiting basically a day for a response, or let it ride out and see if he gets back to himself and talks? Do you think he’s trying to ghost me? Or should I ask him what’s happening? (And if I do what should I say so that I’m not exactly targeting him). He has depression and we have discussed serious matters so I don't want to make him feel bad.

Feel free to ask any questions. Thanks!