Hearing my parents doing naughty things at night scars me.
Hey guys, my name is Sally.

I'm seventeen this year and it's 5am right now at where I live. I don't know how to phrase my words as my head is in a mess. 

To provide some background story about myself, my family live in a compact flat and as a result, I sleep with my parents. In the bedroom, my parents sleep on the bed while I sleep on a mattress beside their bed. When I had nightmares when I was younger, I would squeeze in between them and only then, could I fall asleep. 

As I got older, when I would replicate doing the same thing when I had nightmares, I would get scolded instead. That's how the bed was - just enough for 2 adults and 1 kid-sized human, I guess?

So I don't recall when - perhaps it was a year ago, when I heard the bed shaking continuously from my father's actions. He was also breathing heavily and there was this sticky sound too. Gross enough, I know. At that point of time, I was already mature enough to assume that he was masturbating. It was enough to scar me though, because it was just so strange to think of your dad fapping in the middle of the night, in the same room as his daughter. I pretended that I was asleep, but that was a really shitty experience tbvh. I tried to convince myself that he was doing something else, like rubbing his nose, and brushed it off. I just refused to accept that he might be doing something so dirty and it took me so many years of my life to actually realise it? What?!

Alright so today, I found out that not only does my dad engage in that sort of behaviour, so does my mum. I'm shocked lol. I don't know how I should go about knowing this. I searched for some advice on Google too, and I now learnt that it's supposed to be 'normal'? Is it so common? I'm so shooked because I thought my family were a conservative bunch. I'm their youngest child, and I thought they would have stopped all perverted acts since I was born. 

So how did I find out? I suddenly woke up to hear my dad shaking the entire bed again. This time, I was really unaware and asked my dad to shut up. Suddenly, my mum nagged at me slightly and I was so confused. My mum went to the washroom and started showering? Which was so odd and made no sense. And from the corner of my eye, I saw my dad wearing his underwear and pants! He slipped them on so easily I thought it might have been a daily practice for them. He zipped up his pants naturally and it came as an instant realisation to me that both of them were engaging in some indecent shit.

What. The. Actual. Fuck. I slept in the same room with them for 17 years, and today I found out that both of them have been doing messed up shit and I was completely oblivious, up until today. It's so scarring, and I remember myself pretending I'm asleep. I knew before that my mum didn't wear a bra to sleep, but I really didn't know it might be more than just because it was more comfortable to sleep without one. Lmao.

I'm really shocked at how they are doing things like this while I'm asleep. In the same room. And my dad makes such obvious sounds, I think it's sick. The thought of it disgusts me. I heard somewhere before that all men fap, regardless their age. Is it true? I'm starting to feel crept out, that men are so hormonal LOL. I suddenly feel so pure and this entire thought of my parents being naughty is scarring asf. Thoughts, anybody? 