Husband in hospital and I am at a complete loss
Hi all long time lurker first time poster. Using a throw away since it would destroy my husband if he saw this. I am on mobile and a bit sleep deprived, so sorry for the format or dreaded grammar errors. TLDR at bottom. 

Honestly I don’t need advice I just need to let everything out now before i explode. And (un)fortunately my husband is my best friend leaving me feeling alone with no one to talk to.  I have a 20month old and am 35 weeks pregnant. My husband for the last few weeks has been feeling nauseous and out of sorts. I finally convinced him to go to a redicare. Well those jerks turned him away since they can’t help with abdominal pain. I wasn’t with him or they would have seen him. He ended up going to another urgent care. There they realized he had a bp of 220/112. First annoyance if the first place took his vitals we could have headed straight to the ER. We met up and got him there right away. We were at the ER for several hours before they made the decision to admit him to the cardiac unit of the hospital. Since then they have discovered a kidney issue and have not gotten a handle on the bp.  They have no answers but seem to be coming up with more questions. He isn’t even 30 so the fact this is happening is extremely bizarre. 

His mother was here to help, but I am at my wits end and needed to be alone this evening. We just moved our daughter to a toddler bed Saturday which is doing great at night but she hasn’t napped in 3 days. She is crabby and obviously confused since daddy isn’t home. She is also in a phase where hitting mommy is funny. She hit me today and I just burst into tears. Which according to my mil is my hormones which really helped the situation.  I can’t sleep and am vomiting from pregnancy and stress. I know I have to be strong for her and him and unborn, but I am failing. I spent 2 hours tonight just crying. I keep losing my temper with my daughter. I wish I could be at the hospital with him. I feel stranded, alone and useless. I don’t know how I can help him. He is spiraling down into a pit of depression and I have no way of helping him out. I keep calling and texting him which I can tell he doesn’t want. 

We are going to visit tomorrow morning then my mom is going to come here tomorrow so I can go see him again without the little one. But I haven’t been home much the past 2 days and I know it is taking a toll on her. I just recently became a stay at home which has created separation anxiety issues. I feel torn between to 2 people who mean the world to me and I am failing both of them. 

If you made it this far I guess the only question I have is does anyone have experience with this and how can I help him and her get through this?


TLDR: Husband has crazy high bp and hospitalized. I feel like I am failing helping him and my toddler get through this. I feel like I have no one to talk to. Being 35 weeks pregnant is not making anything easier. 