Advice
To preface this, I wanna say that I feel pathetic/incompetent/exhausted.

Female, 30, currently staying at a hotel because I had to leave the house I was living in because of a conflict that recently happened. I got into a verbal argument with my sister (34) that resulted into a physical altercation. She screamed "Go kill yourself" and then shoved me and scratched me. My father was a witness to this. I then called the cops because i felt unsafe, she got so angry and turned a bit violent. (This is the third time she's told me to go kill myself and my parents haven't told her anything). Right before the cops came she was arguing with my dad and told me to "Shut the f*** up! 

The cops arrived I told one of the cops my side of the story and she told hers. She said that I attacked her and that there were scratch marks on both her arms. I told the cops how could that be when none of the nails on my right hand are very short (I swear to you I couldn't have scratched seeing since I had no nails on one hand. The nails on my right hand are VERY short because they all broke due to cleaning the kitchen cabinets etc). The cops didn't believe me. My sister also claimed that I'm "bipolar" which I'm not. So the cops believed my sister and took me away on a 5150. I was released 3 hours later because the case manager said I didn't have any mental health issues. 

The funny thing is that I told my parents that I wanted permission to use their car to leave that house because I couldn't handle the stress that came with living with her. I would eventually return the car once I moved, got myself established etc. The stress has caused me to lose 3 pounds this week alone. 

After returning from the behavior health services, I gathered  my bag and one suitcase and left. Currently, I'm staying at a hotel. 

What hurts most of all is that my parents have never told my sister to stop telling me to kill myself. It's as if thy don't care. This is such a shitty experience that I wouldn't wish upon anyone. 

I'm a hotel with no car, no friends, no home. 

Is it bad that to think that I just wanted my parents to tell her to stop telling me to kill myself. I feel like I'm asking for a lot. What do you guys think?