Me [28F] and my husband [29M] don't want children. His parents disagree with our decision so much that they want him to divorce me.
For the past year, I've been weathering constant and continuous passive-aggressive attacks from my husband's parents. This issue has largely stemmed from our refusal to have children. They have also been contacting my parents, stating that they have issues with things we've said/done (mainly baby-related) and when we've tried bringing up the issue they lie and say they don't know what we're talking about and act like we're overreacting/being crazy/too sensitive. 


Recently, after his parents did and said multiple things in a short period of time, my husband tried to confront them again (not for the first time). During the conversation, his parents said some truly horrible (and in my opinion, unforgivable) things about me: They said that my refusal to have children (which my husband totally supports, and agrees with as he also doesn't want children) made me an abusive, mentally ill, toxic person and told my husband to divorce me. They also gave him an ultimatum: them or me. The conversation was not received well by my husband, and he, of course, chose me. He's very angry with his parents as they've refused to listen to and respect his wishes. 


However, they then decided to contact my parents to inform them of the mentally ill, toxic, abusive daughter that they'd raised because I wouldn't give them grandchildren. My parents, of course, were bewildered and tried to explain that we were happy, and that if we didn't want children, that decision should be respected. My husband's parents have not taken kindly to any of those suggestions.


My husband and I have been together for five years, and are coming up to being married for three. I have made it clear to everyone involved that I don't want children, and I never have. My husband agreed and has always supported and agreed with this decision. 


At the moment, no one is really speaking to anyone, and I'm taking it rather hard. It's devastating to realise that his parents only ever liked or valued me as a 'person' when I was a uterus that was potentially giving them grandchildren. To hear from my parents that they're furious that I've disrupted the plans that they had for their son upsets me on so many levels that I can't even explain properly. I am no longer sleeping or eating properly. If it were me, and they weren't my husband's parents, I would cut them completely out of my life and never speak or associate with them again. While my husband feels like this is a great solution, I also feel that they are still his parents, and no matter how angry he currently is, he's going to want a relationship in the future. My question is - how do I do? How can I try and move forward with people who literally won't accept me unless I bear them grandchildren? How can I ever let go of the fact that they've made it abundantly clear to me, my husband, and my parents, that they view me as a uterus, not a person? I want to do the right thing by my husband and be supportive, but I'm completely lost in this situation, and I have honestly no idea how to move forward. 
  
  ---   
  **tl;dr**: My in-laws won't speak to me because I don't want children. They've threatened my husband with an ultimatum (them or me) and have insisted he leaves me immediately. What do I do? What advice is there for trying to move forward - especially with people who won't address me unless I give them grandchildren? 