Best friend has a bf and is MIA
I want to start a thread for people who have best friends/friends who have been MIA as a possible result from having a bf/gf. Please share your stories and give advice to those who post. 

So here’s my story: 

So my best friend of five years has had a boyfriend for over a year now. However, she’s recently been MIA. There has been times where I hadn’t seen her for two weeks or maybe a month, but this time it was a lot more. Despite living a few minutes away from me, I hadn’t seen her in 2 months!! Every time I asked her to hang out she would say that she was busy, but she wouldn’t suggest meeting another time. We barely texted around this time either, I was the one that mostly initiated the conversations. Although she was busy, she was able to meet up with her boyfriend plenty of times who happens to live an hour away from her. She would always post photos of them together in social media and I would honestly feel upset. Eventually, I asked her to hang out again and she said that she had plans to go to the movies that night with someone else(not her bf), but that I could join. So we went to the movies and she dropped me off to my house right after the movie because she had to wake up early the next day. So we didn’t really talk (since it’s the movies) and I couldn’t address how I felt about not seeing her since there was someone else there as well. Also, the only reason I saw her that one time is because I asked her to hang out. If I hadn’t texted her, then she wouldn’t have invited me and I wouldn’t have seen her. After that I didn’t see her for a while either and I wanted to meet with her in person so that I could speak to her. A couple weeks later we finally saw each other. The first thing I told her was how I felt upset because I felt like she wasn’t making much of an effort to even talk to me or see me. I told her that we should see each other more and she agreed. She then caught me off guard by stopping me and saying “I know what you’re going to say.” She claims that she knew and that she had been feeling guilty for the past months. She then said that those months were kind of hectic because her bf was going through something. But that’s it... she didn’t apologize and it just doesn’t sit right with me. All she said was how she felt guilty and then mentioned something about her boyfriend to justify her behavior for the past months. We hung out for a couple of hours, however her bf kept calling her and she’d answer his calls during this time. She’d recently gone on a short vacation and I didn’t know when she’d returned to town until I saw a photo on Instagram of her and her boyfriend together. I’m honestly very mad and I feel as though I can’t say anything because I had already mentioned it. What pisses me off more is when she had just gone on vacation for two days and posted a photo of her boyfriend on social media with the caption “It’s only been 2 days and I miss you sooo much!!” Like are you seriously kidding me, you hadn’t seen your friend in more than two months... I’m honestly so mad and I feel like I can’t tell her without her getting mad. She’ll probably get defensive since it involves her bf and since I mentioned it before. She’s honestly the only best friend I have and I don’t know what to do. I feel like I’m starting to resent them and I don’t want to. Is there any advice that anyone can give me? 