Is she toxic or am I reading too much into it...rant warning
So to nutshell my relationship with her is that we met at our last job and hang out a lot. It's still a fairly new friendship but I'm noticing some things that are starting to get to me. I'm unemployed now and she has a awesome new job.

So first thing I noticed was she didn't used to be the one to call me   but then when she needs a ride somewhere then she wants to chat and will try to segway the ride request in. If she made a habit out of calling any other time then I wouldn't stress it. It just makes me feel used when "I just want to check on you" turns to "I need a ride". 

Which brings me to the other issue. When she does call me it's the most disrespectful phone etiquette I have ever seen. After she knows she is going to get a ride she stays on the call(must be out of guilt or not wanting to make it seem like it's the only thing she wants.) but while she's on the phone she does not pay attention to me. Like she'll make active listening sounds that don't match up, like uh huh and a giggle when I just told her that I might need to give my cats up. Without telling me or warning or any sort of hint she'll just start talking to someone else around her like I'm not even on the other end. Worst yet almost always these calls are while she is at work and is just bored. On my end I'm distraction free and at the most filling out a job applications or pacing and I dunno I feel like if you are going to call your friend you should acknowledge they are on the other line and not just background noise while you browse the internet. 

Which brings me to her job. Her job to me is the most ideal job I could think of and I already know that but she brags about to the point that I'm getting really bitter. She keeps telling me about how many hours she's getting and during one of those phone calls even worked out how much she was expecting to make on her next check(unprompted). And she's so excited about 3 week paid vacation she is getting, and her health benefits and tuition reimbursement so she's going to take some classes on company dime. I mean I expressed how happy I was for her but she brings it up enough that I just wonder if she likes hurting me. 

Then there is her and her boyfriend. There is a whole thing about her and her psycho ex who even though made her feel afraid for her life, she still loves and talks to. WHILE WITH HER BOYFRIEND. I don't think she cheats on her boyfriend but I don't understand that whole deal that seems like an issue for another reddit thread all together. But yeh she does brag about how much sex she has with her boyfriend and how much they love each other. Which brings me to this next issue that I couldn't even wrap my head around.

So I brought her home from work the other night and we were hanging out at my apartment. At some point she realizes that she forgot her keys back at work. This was after her work closed for the day. So I don't see the big deal I offer up "well when your boyfriend picks you up then he can let you in." But she doesn't seem to be hooking to that and is like "I'm going to check the bus scheduled and just because I'm curious I'll check uber prices." I'm really confused at this point. 

Essentially, her plan was to just go to her boyfriends work and hang out there till he finishes closing. Keep in mind we are neighbors, he doesn't have to go out of his way more than one street over and he has picked her up from my place before. Now he works about 30mins away so it would be a hell of a trek to drop her off there and make way back while it's dark and rainy and I don't know the area at all. At some point the brother of her boyfriend calls and says they can go hangout while she's locked out and she doesn't even ask me if I want to join or anything just leaves as if she had just been waiting at the busstop that whole time. 

She reassures me that she does like hanging out and I think we do have fun when she is hanging out. So I really don't want to cut her out of my life as I tend to do. It's just tonight seemed to be the worst.

So she calls me up and tells me that her boyfriend is off of work so she won't need a ride and she thought that we could all hangout. Since we were going to meet up with some more friends.

Welp, the other friends canceled and it was just us 3. We had some dinner and then her boyfriend suggested we go see a movie. I was already dressed and ready so why the hell not. I'm pretty sure she agreed(it's honestly hard to tell sometimes with her.) We got there and the movie me and her boyfriend were wanting to see was already playing. And she was being indecisive but eventually agreed to go. So me and him are hurrying to get to our seats while she just takes her time shuffling along. We already missed the first 15minutes. We had just had dinner but she wanted to stop at the concession and she just didn't seem interested at all about being there.

So we watch the movie and about midway she leaves, I assume to go to the bathroom but shes gone for about 15minutes and I'm just sitting there thinking "she wants us or one of us to go check on her" but I wanted to watch the movie and I didn't feel like putting up with her drama. 

Afterwards she passive aggressively sits at her seat through the entire credits. Which didn't have mid credit or end credit footage. So I ask her whats wrong, and she's like I just felt a wave of depression and just wanted to go home and didn't know why I was even here or watching this movie and I felt forced into the whole thing. WHICH CAME OUT OF NOWHERE. If any one was forced it was me, she called me for that night out and I feel she is trying to make herself out to be a victim in it. 

I don't want to end this with her, because I like her and her friends which I only know through her so it would mean cutting all of them out. It's just I keep seeing how selfish she can be. I don't know if this friendship can be saved or worth saving. 