Brother owes Mother money, lives with her and isn't paying rent. Advice please?
Not really sure which sub is the best place for this, so I've cross-posted in r/family, r/legaladviceuk and r/advice. Please let me know if any of them are inappropriate or if there are better subs for this. Thanks!

The back story to this is long and possibly convoluted, but the tl;dr is my brother has had financial troubles for many years. In 2012, after the death of our grandmother, our mother paid off a large sum of my brothers' debts. He then paid some of this back with his own inheritance from the same. As a result of various relationship and/or financial cock-ups he has then loaned various further sums from our mother but with almost no repayments. He then ends up in a position to either bail out back to our mothers or lose employment and go wherever it is you go when you have no home or job.

To be frank, we (myself, my partner and my mother) are at a loss as to what to do next. We think that perhaps we only have one realistic option (to kick my brother out and cut our losses) but this is something we would rather avoid. So we're asking Reddit for advice. So to  (try yet fail to) cut a long story short...

My brother moved back in with my mother in early December 2017 due to the breakup of a relationship. When he did so, he agreed (verbally) to both pay a very reasonable rate of rent and payments towards previous debts owed toward our mother (both monthly). He was given December as a 'payment holiday' of sorts. Two weeks later my brother took out a loan to replace his car as he needed transport to and from work. His previous vehicle was written off toward the end of his previous relationship and he did not replace it with the money gained from the resultant insurance claim. Due to poor credit history, our mother was guarantor for this loan.

Due to concerns regarding my brothers previous unreliability with regards to money my mother decided to make a written and witnessed agreement with my brother regarding rent, the loan, and payment of previous debts. However, we are all collectively broke (not as broke as my brother) and so paid legal advice was out of the question. After some research I drafted a basic agreement, it was signed and witnessed by my mother, brother, partner and myself. In hindsight I should probably have used a solicitor for this but it is what it is. 

Fast-forward to 05/02/2018 and no payments have been received for anything. My mother received both an email and text alert for late payment on the loan that she is guarantor of on 31/01/18 but no other correspondence. She has not contacted the loan company but has received no further correspondence so believes my brother has paid this instalment at least. My mother also received a phone call from the garage that my brother bought he new car from, for which he loaned the entirety of the cost as the majority of the loan my mother is guarantor. He still owes them money. 

In short, besides kicking him out of my mothers house and saying goodbye to both my brothers previous debts (and therefore a large amount of my mothers money) and also resigning my mother to paying for the loan he took out in December, what can we do? Does the written agreement we made mean anything legally? What can I do to help my mother claim the money she lent previously? Or are these things lost causes? 

Any and all help is much appreciated. We just don't know what to do, but don't want to see my  brother completely on his arse (unless I've put him on it...).


TL;DR My brother owes my mother a significant amount of money, lives with her, she is guarantor for one of his loans, he has not paid his agreed rent etc. and we know he owes others money. What do we do now? Can kick him out, don't want to, seems likely may have to soon. Cannot live with or afford this.

Edit: We are in the UK