26 thinking of moving family upset

Okay so this past 5 months have been overwhelming. I’ve had a lot of major things happen. I got married in October and over the past year I’ve been connecting with my father and half brothers (who I just consider brotthers) and that whole side off the family. My dads never been apart of my life. I saw him probably about 4 times out of my 26 years on earth. The last time until this past week I saw my dad was when I was 10 so 16 years ago. That was also the last time I ever flew on a plane. I decided to fly down about two weeks ago for a week and I had such a good time connecting with my brothers and my oldest brothers wife and my nephew and grandparents and everyone! I loved the idea of everyone together closely and always at each others houses and I got along so well with my brothers and it was really nice. My brother and sister in law decide to that they’re going to move back to Florida where my dad and dads family is and they all really want me to move there. They love the idea of us getting close as a family and setting traditions and spending holidays together. Honestly I love that idea. My problem is my mother raised me, she’s always been there for me. She has nobody other than me. She doesn’t even have a car I drive her places. My grandmother who is also soo important to me she’s my second mother she’s been in a nursing home for 10 years and she’s confused a lot but still not that confused. The thought of leaving them makes me want to cry and I feel like I couldn’t. My mom would feel so betrayed and angry at me. She’s already feeling a little hurt because I’m getting closer with my dad that family. Which is wrong but she has a lot of issues of her own. The thought of leaving my grandma I could never. :( I just don’t know what to do. I’ve never left NY my husband also has his father here and his father would hate me if I brought “his son” away. My husband acts like he dose not care but ofcose he must. I just don’t know what to do I feel so stuck like if I even considered moving I’d feel so selfish and horrible. I couldn’t leave my mom and I feel like she wouldn’t come with me she’d be so angry that I was “choosing my father who did nothing for me and his family who ignored me” over staying near her. Idk this is probably all too soon also but I just want to form good relationships with my brothers and nephew and soon to be niece. And my dad. I don’t want my life to pass away and miss it all. Ever since I came back from visiting them for a week my mom has been giving me such a guilt trip about spending my money to go visit them or how she feels used and it’s crazy to me. Idk what to do But this is for sure a rant. Thanks for listening forever did.