A friend cut me off
So recently a friend of mine cut me off and I’m not really sure why. I guess to understand my concern it would be best to get the whole story. 
I had first met her earlier this school year. Our desks were right next to each other in math class. Back then, she was very talkative, sociable, optimistic, and energetic around me. I’m not always the most talkative type but that didn’t seem to bother her at all. She always shouted for my attention to say hi to me when passed each other in the halls. She asked for my number, introduced me to a few of her friends, and even invited me over to her house for lunch during one of our off periods. We texted a couple times though I will admit each time I kept feeling like I was annoying her. 
Eventually, she had invited me to come with her boyfriend and group of friends to hang out at the mall over Christmas vacation. I was so excited. However, when the day finally came, I couldn’t help but feel like a third wheel. She was much more focused on her boyfriend than she was on anyone else and the only time she noticed me was when I had wandered off without telling any of them. That wasn’t cool of me, I admit, but I just didn’t feel needed or even wanted there at times. Later that night though, I texted her and apologized for not being that social but she it was all fine. 
But I still couldn’t shake the feeling that she was upset with me. When we came back from vacation, my suspicions grew. She was a lot more quiet and distant from me and was usually on her phone with her headphones in whenever I was around. It was around this time that I started to become a lot more needy. She still responded to my texts and told me that the reason she was so quiet was because she had a headache. But I couldn’t help but notice that she was still pretty social around her other friends. At one point when we were walking in the halls, she had her headphones in and didn’t say a word to me but the minute she saw one of her other friends, she took her headphones out and screamed for his attention. All while I was standing right next to her. 
It was a week before winter vacation when we got into an argument. You see, she was aware of my depression and offered her assistance in helping me deal with it. However, in our argument, she expressed her displeasure with how she felt she was putting in all the effort into dealing with my problems. I tried apologizing to her, probably getting a bit too dramatic about it, but she just expressed her annoyance at how I constantly needed her assurance and that if I don’t try to change myself, she won’t be my friend anymore. Eventually, I apologized for my part in the argument and how I didn’t make her help feel appreciated, but I also explained to her that I was doing something about my depression. I see a psychiatrist and take antidepressants every night. Still, she insisted that I needed to change. But by this point, whenever I spoke to her in person, she always seemed disinterested and kind of annoyed. When I asked her if she had a problem with me, she would always say that she was either busy or wasn’t in the mood for it. Eventually, she responded that she needed space for the whole vacation, so I didn’t text her at all. But when the vacation was over, I tried to text if everything was fine now only to discover that she had blocked my number. Now, she doesn’t even acknowledge my presence anymore and almost seems to actively avoid me. 
I apologize if this is really long. I just wanted to be as detailed as possible. At this point, I just feel at a loss and confused about what happened. I’m not sure if I did something wrong or if she was ever my friend at all. I mean, our friendship felt genuine those first months before Christmas. But now I just don’t know what to think or do.
