Best friend of 12 years seems to be drifting
When we were in middle/high school we were inseparable. I thought she was the most amazing person to ever walk the planet. She made me feel so smart, beautiful, special, etc...I loved her so much. We went through everything together during those times and when college came around, we went to different schools. I had to work 2 jobs to keep my head above water and couldn't always make the 4-hour drive to see her as often as I wanted. She also got into drugs, which was no issue with me, but since I was never into it, I stopped getting invites to places with her (probably due to the fact I always was ALWAYS working.) We both drifted a bit in college, but then afterward we (and our SO's) moved to the same city. I was so excited to finally have a better schedule and see her as often as I could. I told her how I found God after struggling with depression and anxiety and she immediately accused me of being homophobic because I said I was Christian (born again I guess, we both grew up Catholic). Which was severely not the case. She also accused me of being so different that it's like she doesn't even know who I am anymore. I let her vent about the drifting and the differences we both grew into since middle/ high school, without even mentioning to her that she was different too, it's called growing and changing as you age, but I still loved her just the same...then I expressed how I don't want to lose her over this and we eventually squashed the beef. I know she doesn't like my boyfriend of 5 years all that much, mainly because she thinks he changed me, not taking into account that I can make my own decisions and have my own thoughts that that nothing to do with my boyfriend's. 2 years go by and during those two years, her father passes away unexpectedly. He was the light in her life and it was so painful to see everything she went through during that time. I was there for her as often as she needed me and then some. Eventually, things started to feel really one-sided. I kept ignoring it because I knew she was grieving, but after almost 2 years, it was starting to get to me. My calls and texts were hardly received, she always seemed to be in a rush to talk to me, it felt like walking on eggshells. I guess now, what really bothers me is that a friend of hers is going through a hard time with her SO and my best friend has been extremely supportive and just going above and beyond with this other girl, while all I feel like I've received from her is criticism of my relationship, my values, my political views (which she really knows almost nothing about but assumes my position). As I write this, I'm actually getting angry at how much I've been there for her, but how little she has been there for me. I'm extremely scared to bring all this up to her because she is so critical and everything she says cuts deep. It's not a good feeling, but neither is this. I don't really know what to do, and I can't imagine losing her. I would hope I can work up the confidence to tell her how I'm feeling and we can have a rational conversation about it. But I just feel really stuck. 