FIL &amp; BIL literally make themselves at home when they visit
I like my home to look nice when guests come over. Sometimes I’ll have a lightly scented candle on in the bathroom or hallway or I’ll turn on a lamp to light up my entryway. The kitchen is always set buffet style to make it easy for everyone to serve themselves. I always make sure to make my guest bedroom is welcoming. Like fluffy pillows, comfy comforter, extra linens, working tv. You get the idea. 

Whenever my FIL comes to visit it irks TF out of me when he makes these little adjustments while he’s here. I recently noticed that he’ll blow out the candle in the bathroom. Like WTF?! I know this cause I went in there before and after him once. He’ll also just randomly walk over to turn off my hallway lamp when he’s only been here for like 20 minutes. A few years ago, when he lived with us for a minute he rearranged my guest bedroom AND would rearrange everything around in my kitchen! I’m like wtf, I like my keurig right where it is! Thank you! 

Another wtf, we have a sectional that sits about 7-8 people comfortably when FIL/Bro IL come over they insist on spreading out and lay across the whole damn thing. Do they offer me a seat when I come over? No. It’s only until my bf scoots over to make room for me so I can squeeze in to sit somewhere at the end of the couch. 

Oh and bro in law? He always makes sure we know he eats gluten free. FYI he is NOT allergic to gluten and insists that “If the package doesn’t say Gluten Free it’s not gluten free.” Everyone knows not to start that argument with him,  there’s no point. Even if I mention that if my friend who has celiac disease can eat something it’s gluten free. He just shakes his head like idk what I’m talking about.

I don’t really say anything cause for 1 FIL is old and for 2 they are both only over a couple times a month. What’s the point anyway when I forget all about it the following day? They’re here for the SuperBowl and I’m aggressively writing this as I’m squished into the corner of my own couch. Would you guys even say anything? What would you say or do? And how much longer is the super bowl?! 