Longtime close friend, brand-new bewilderment
My friend is distractable. He thinks irrationally. And he barely listens anymore.

I feel as though I've become a pane of glass or a mirror to him. When we're in a car together, he drones on about things (tell me if this has happened to you) he's told me many times before. Occasionally, in the middle, there's an admission: "I probly told you this before, but..". However, the story always continues, even if I briefly recap the story for him. When it's obvious the information has been shared, the most pressing imperative seems to be on reiterating it. Perhaps I didn't give the desired response the first time. I get the feeling he just doesn't care whether I'd like to hear it. I also possess conversational preferences, and they never include hearing the same story twice. After countless reccurences of this scenario, it seems that my considerations aren't really valued or remembered. Mentally, he seems to be on a train and passengers (myself included) are always bustling through and, as such, might just seem replaceable.

There doesn't seem anymore to be a genuine interest in my take on things. Questions are rarely asked, and if they are, they're poised in such a way as to elicit some agreeable response. We've never had a problem with differing opinions, but lately there is a marked disinterest in mine. If I express perhaps a different perspective I might share on something, he's typically halfway through deconstructing it and preparing a rebuttal by the time I've reached the bulk of my first sentence. Lately, I make sure to be concise. 10-word sentences. Brief, clear declarations with stipulations kept to a minimum. I do this in a sincere effort to make sure at least some of my thoughts reach him via this channel called speech. I feel a little like a sidekick, implicitly expected to go along with whatever is said or suggested and quietly supporting. I have needs and I make sure they're met. I just make sure, now, that they're met completely before I go into a conversation or endeavor with him.

The attention span has completely plummeted. He and his phone might as well have fused into one entity. Often times, when we're driving somewhere, or at our shared place of work, he will open a conversation. What he desires to be communicated is seemingly achieved. I give plenty of time, listening quietly and waiting a few seconds before responding. When I respond, sometimes I'll be surprised that I've been able to speak for a couple of sentences without being interrupted. Then, I'll look up and almost invariably, he's on his phone texting, on social media, or looking at boobs. I fall silent and look at him, stopping my speech, and sometimes there's a feigned response that hazily resembles some degree of mental assimilation. Other times, my input is simply ignored. I feel often that I am relegated to silence by virtue of necessity. What is the point of talking or even attempting to share with someone if they feel their device is more important than you? When there is no device involved, the listening is of such low quality that I feel as though I'm viewed as a shadow, or some reflective panel that occasionally flashes some piece of light which sparks a brief reaction.

I use the word reaction explicitly to differentiate from response. Responding, to me, would be careful consideration of the texture of the exchange. What I see falls on a spectrum between bristling and hyperenthusiastic. Everything in the observable behavior appears to come from an emotionally fueled place. I long ago ceased trying to appeal to logic and reason, because there seems to be a fantasy aspect to his formulations about reality, business, and essentially learning in general. An obstinate and vigorous type of chauvinism appears when the discussion involves logically based and scientifically supported criterion as pillars of discussion. "Have you ever thought that maybe our ideas about science are just implanted by society, and another race has fully influenced our evolution as human beings?" (to imply that the scrutiny intrinsic to the scientific community's assimilation of data is too dismissive toward fringe and pseudoscientific contributions). "Physics is just one way to understand reality; there are physics we aren't even aware of that we won't know about for hundreds of years" (as a soft excuse or rationale to discredit or invalidate the advances in modern physics and thus not include them in discussion). "Can you prove to me that 1 + 1 = 2?" (in a maddening conversation I had with him whereupon he elected to discredit all mathematics by attempting to upend the premise that numbers can accurately represent ideas).

I love math and physics because it helps accurately explain the world I live in. I can't share any of that enthusiasm with him, though, because his defenses rise as he falls lure to the siren of unreasonably ambiguous premises of belief. I get it; it represents flexibility and fluidity. There's no pinning someone 
down for their rationales or justifications if they honestly feel their ideas reside above the established and fair principles of unbiased scientific criticism. The implication seems to be that it's a lot more fun and even more reasonable to live in the dark, because anything a person makes up could be true, and the absence of scrutiny works synergistically to provide disincentives for the need for proof.

We have been friends since third grade. We're both in our thirties now. We've remained close and shared lots of valuable experiences. Emotionally, we're there for each other and that's always what we've been best at. But I feel this insistence on the employment of a deductive philosophy of thinking which ignores outside criteria in favor of "empathetic" consult has wedged a chasm between us. I can't really tell if it's me or him whom has done the most changing in the last few years, but rest assured, I am working at a 100% level of effort to rectify what issues there are and reforge our understandings.

A personal aside:  Three years ago, I experienced a rather significant mental shift. I began to make efforts to look at the world more objectively, understanding better how I was not the focal point of existence. I took myself down a few notches, and in doing so, became irrevocably drawn to learning about the finer workings of the world in which I lived.  During this time, I had the pleasure of working with a young man seven years my junior with whom I could seemingly achieve no middle ground. Even just a casual extended conversation seemed unbearable. We came from different places and really just resigned ourselves to tolerating one another. For a long while, I just couldn't put my finger on what bugged me about the guy. Then, about six months in, it hit me: I was unable to reasonably share anything I had learned, without it being scrutinized needlessly by way of the contrast of his own biased interpretations. The scrutiny itself didn't bother me; it was the nature of the uncredentialed and entitled rebuttals. They had little basis in scientific sourcing and did not stand stand up well to criticism. The young man's ideas about the world were essentially all based on his own experience, and there appeared to be no real desire in him to contrast those findings with a collective reality outside of his own.  I eventually came to realize I didn't like the kid because he reminded me of me.

From that point on, I vowed to observe my thought processes more closely. The last thing I wanted was to waste someone's time unwittingly by spewing nonsensical garbage of which I had no demonstrable proof or understanding. I read about using proper reasoning and recognizing logical fallacies. I worked to become more mindful toward my own irrational inclinations. It became tantamount to recognize the ignorances and defenses to which I'd become accustomed to clinging, and replace them with the collective wisdom provided by my new best friends: logical and rational thought. As I was doing my best to employ these utilities, I figured I could scarce be assumed a fool and reasonably sort out those ideas which did not hold up to proper scrutiny.

Perhaps unsurprisingly, this new method of articulating reality didn't win me many friends. The good ones I've retained, and those who didn't share this unearthed enthusiasm for inductive reasoning were left behind. This friendship I share with this person seems like a relic of the past me. I don't believe he's shared the same monumental changes in mental processing. He's always had a certain flair for exaggeration and fantasy, and until recently, I just accepted it as face value and dealt with the occasional misunderstandings as I'm sure he had with me. Now, however, the implications seem more pronounced. He's running a business and is constantly distracted. The time we share is often saturated by ramblings of fanatical pseudoscience or mysticism which are 
impossibly asserted and employ mind-numbingly irrational justifications. The only discipline seems to be that of a zealous allegiance to the fortification of the shared psychological concoctions of the hopefully ignorant. There is little point in rebuttal anymore because, deductively, the answer has already been solved for. And rest assured, 1 + 1 = 2 was not used in this equation.

If indeed there is a future for this friendship, at least on my half, it involves intensely disciplined patience. I feel sometimes like a social worker, intently listening and softly steering the delinquent in a healthier direction. I meditate and identify as Buddhist. I consider myself to be a spiritual person, and I understand that my interpretation of reality is uniquely pixelated in ways that differ from those of others. I work to cultivate higher compassion and practice patience and kindness when I feel a bristling within myself or witness a bristling in others. As such, I feel that just living my values and being a good listener might be the way through this. I can't help but feeling, though, that this is the beginning of a fork in the road which leads to an increasingly fainter sense of collective recognition.