How To Get Over The Pain
I ended/lost a friendship with a best friend of 14 years. She was really good to me, once upon a time; I was declared disabled and lost my house and she let me move in with her and her husband to get back on my feet. For all she knew I could've been the Thing That Never Leaves. But I lived with her for about 9 months, got a job, and got my own place.

She's Mormon, and during this time had her first kid. She insists everything's fine, no worries (because she had to, I think; Mormons put a lot of pressure on their women.) But things start getting distant between us, and this is only something I notice in hindsight.

I got the greenlight to publish a book, and she offered to typeset because she had InDesign. Okay, are you sure? Yes. You're sure? Yes. Okay, cool, thanks, that's awesome, I don't have to do it myself cause I don't have the program or know how to use it. I give her a deadline for October and pay her.

Well, I bust my ass on this book for months. It's the most important thing I've ever done with my life and it means everything to me. And 4 days before deadline, I find out she's only done up to Chapter 5 on the book. Which basically means she fucked off for 4 months, and did nothing, which means she's going to do a rush job. That automatically means more mistakes that I have to depend on her to fix, which she didn't in the first place, and she's totally shattered my trust.

I freaked the fuck out on her and had a hysterical meltdown. It was bad, and I don't make any excuses for it. I was really shitty to her. I panicked and thought she was going to hold the book hostage with procrastination, and I had no way to get the files from her. I'd put myself up shit creek, because it was too late for me to learn InDesign.

Well, she was defensive, to say the least. She said I don't need to police her time, and I should've known this is how she works. I felt like she was trying to gaslight me, so I posted on Facebook about the situation without naming names and asked other professional artist friends if this was appropriately professional behavior. They said no. That REALLY pissed her off, because a few days later I got a letter.

In it she said she'd done all this stuff for me (let you live in my house, put up with your shit etc.), said I didn't want her to have her dream family and dream life (she was doing horse archery competitions and I didn't want her to do that, either, apaprently), my shitty upbringing made me dysfunctional, and she gave me an ultimatum that I had to make a change. Until then she said she didn't want me to talk to her, and she was "closing her door to me."

I felt supremely judged, i.e. "My perfect Mormon family was NEVER dysfunctional, so obviously you're the problem here, as a dysfunctional person yourself. Not me." I felt like I'd been un-forgiven, "Hey, remember all that stuff I said I forgave you for? Surprise!" And I felt horrible, like I could never apologize enough, and that from here on out I was going to be scapegoated because I was the fucked up one and she was the squeaky-clean Mormon.

I left her alone for about 6 week, not talking to her like she said. Then I reached out, apologized, and asked if we could talk in person without anymore nastygram letters. And this, to be honest, is where I'm most mad at myself, because I wish I'd just cut things off the minute she started talking like her shit didn't stink. Instead, we met, and she said my apology made her angry because it sounded like I'd disregarded her letter. I was a bit taken aback, because the letter sounded like one of those venting things where you're supposed to write them but not send them, and instead she was acting like she'd sent me gospel I needed to abide by.

I said I felt like I was always going to be the wrong one, no matter what. She said I came from a dysfunctional family, compared me to a fear-agressive dog, and said "Which problem is more in need of fixing?" So in other words, yeah. Yeah, I was always going to be wrong, because no matter what she did I was always going to be worse because of my background. She said I'd declared her typesetting "a failure" before I even saw it, and insisted she'd done a good job. I told her there were obvious mistakes, like misaligned tabs and words running into illustrations, and she said she'd made the deadline and reiterated that once again, I should have known she procrastinates. I told for someone who had gone to church for twenty plus fucking years, she didn't know how forgiveness works because Jesus doesn't say "Forgive thine enemies, until you've got a whole pile of ammunition and can really use that shit against them." (I'm agnostic.) She said she'd already apologized (implication being that I couldn't forgive) and when I told her it felt like she could never make a mistake, she screamed "YOU JUST WANT ME TO GROVEL!" and stormed off. Her husband came out, yelled at me, and told me to "handle my shit" and called me a toddler. Previously he'd admitted to me in private that he wouldn't hire his own wife for a job because of her lack of professionalism.

The next day I wrote her saying I needed my book files, to make sure the publisher could make corrections. And once that was good to go, I told her I was glad we weren't friends anymore, because all her judgement was off my shoulders. She said she would have fixed the typesetting mistakes if I'd just told her, DURING the time she'd explicitly said not to talk to her, so it was my fault again for not getting things corrected. I was arrogant, you see, and she said she wasn't angry, just that she felt sorry for me, and told me "You are your family."

I am genuinely glad to not be friends with her anymore. She made the worst of assumptions about me, turned on me when SHE fucked up and made it MY fault, and got hyper-defensive and toxic  in her behavior while simultaneously calling me dysfunctional. Hindsight is 20/20, and I feel like she had too much to do with her baby, couldn't say no, and resented the task in the first place. She said she didn't come home every night and think "I'm not going to work on typesetting tonight, just to piss off Plethora" as if good intentions can't pave the road to hell and hurt people. I said we were shitty to each other, but she won't admit fault at all. And I know I don't need a judgemental perfectionist in my life.

But I'm still hurt, and outraged, and angry. I keep finding myself having arguments in my head when I'm driving or trying to fall asleep. I'm furious that everything became conditional suddenly, that I was retroactively unforgiven, and treated in the worst way by someone who sees themselves as morally superior. Winter is just finishing up so I haven't really been able to get out fo ra Meetup or something, but it's hard not to fee like you can't make a relationship work when a 14 year one just went down the drain because of something you did. I've read some other Reddits, where people have lost friendships over things like weddings, which make me feel a bit better. Bitching someone out because they dropped the ball on your creative work suddenly doesn't seem so unreasonable. But I'm mad I tried to make things work even after a bunch of red flags telling me I should've known better, and STILL ended up feeling like shit because I "apologized wrong" and "wasn't good enough." I miss who my friend used to be, not who she is now. I feel like the only thing that's going to take away the pain is time, but it's been months and I still feel the same way, and feel like I'm justified in never trusting anyone again, because if 14 fucking years aren't enough, what is? How do you get over the pain of things ending so badly when part of it was your responsibility, too?

