Lifelong friend keeps lashing out
So I have this friend, she's my best friend and have been forever. ?We've been friends since we were 2, we traveled the world together. We're now 25.
She's been through a lot, difficult family stuff, life isn't easy on her at all and her entire life is struggling. Honestly, she needs me. Without me she'd be pretty lost and she knows it. I pretty much take the mothers role. Her mother isn't there (and usually she's more destructive than anything) and I do a lot of the stuff mothers do, including being her punching bag.
Because of all of this, she tends to be very impulsive and when she's upset she can say stuff that are very hard for me, like she can get upset with me and then say mean stuff, and that she wants me and everyone else to f-ck of and leave her alone, sometimes worse. It doesn't sound too bad but when it happens repeatedly from a good friend when you try to help her it's really really hard.
Every time I have to tell her that it hurts me, I have to practically beg her to say sorry. Eventually she breaks down and says she's so sorry and that she can't control herself. I always forgive.
The thing is I know she doesn't mean it. And also I know she's naturally impulsive. But also I don't think she's really trying to control it. I know she's got so much on her plate that it's natural to lose control and not be able to always control everything, but it's really hard for me even though I know she doesn't mean it. 
Right now I honestly don't feel like I want to talk to her. I think the fact I ALWAYS forgive makes her not really try to control it. She lost dozens of friends because of it but she know I will always stay.
Right now I just feel like telling her that it's been one time too much (I've warned her before that eventually I might just unwillingly break), and that I can't take it. I forgave her probably over a hundred times, seriously. And I honestly care about her, and I honestly know she doesn't mean it, and I honestly worry that without me she won't be able to survive. But also I just can't stand being a punching bag anymore, it's emotionally exhausting and I feel drained. I don't know what to do anymore. I can't live my life like this but I can't live my life knowing that my leaving ruined her, which really might happen. 