Abusive dad or I'm just toxic...
Two weeks ago, my dad lost our dog. It went to the shelter but due to the microchip ownership issue, we have to wait two weeks to get her. I told my family that there's a chance that we might not get the dog back. 


My dad then started saying how it's fate that the dog is gone and that if we can't get it back then it's destiny. I got annoyed and said "But really, it's because you weren't being careful and you left her at the park". He then started yelling at me. Saying he's the only one who walks the dog. I then said I walk the dogs as well, I just don't do it enough because I'm the only one in the family who works from morning to night, paying for the bills, groceries and everything. 


He then claimed that it's not his fault and then started saying how if someone told him to look after their child and he accidently killed it, would it be his fault. I responded with yes, it is your fault because it's under your duty of care. Anyway, things got ugly from there.



I didn't speak to him for a week. He got my sister to ask me to pay for his bills and fines. I paid for the $500 one today this morning. Then he asked to borrow my car, and I lent it to him. After that, he came back and started throwing passive jabs at me by talking to the dog. 

e.g. "Bailey, you're lucky that I'm here. If i wasn't here, you would've died a long time ago. Some people just know how to talk and don't do shit." 

I got annoyed and said you lost the dog. Get over it. He then yelled at me. I got annoyed and told him to fuck off. He then started saying "wow, you're being so disrespectful. God will punish you. I wish you die and I wish you'll live out your life alone." 

I then said "You came home and started a fight for no reason. Don't play the victim when I argue back". 

He then said "I'm just talking to myself. You don't have to listen to me."

I then said "Go talk to the wall then." I shut the door and continue with my business.

He then walked next to my door and started going on and on about how I'll die soon for being disrespectful and that god will send a lightning bolt to hit me. I then angrily snapped at him saying "I may or may not die before you, but I can bet that if you die, no one in this fucking world would mourn for you".

I then shut the door, and I didn't hear anything from him again. 


Not sure if I have a abusive father or I'm just toxic or maybe it's both. I don't want to live like this anymore. 