I want to fix my best friend and I's friendship, but I'm not sure if I should... any advice?
Hi! I'll try to make this as short as possible, but you can ask me for more details if you want to. My best friend (19/f) and I (19/f) met two years ago. We're polar opposites, but we somehow became very close, and eventually started calling each other best friends (and other nicknames haha). It was awesome, and she's the only person I feel that close with -- she's like family (though I never told her that).

Back in July though, I was feeling very drained. My best friend deals with severe depression and I was helping her a lot through it, willingly so. Honestly I felt fine for a year but I've been going through a huge identity crisis, trying to find myself and trying to know myself. I felt so confused and lost with myself -- I didn't know what I wanted anymore. It was bad. It was very exhausting for me mentally but I thought the cause of how I felt was my best friend. You might ask why I thought that, well, whenever we'd hang out, I'd have to go out of my house. I'm an introvert, and I deal with a lot of anxiety, I always feel uncomfortable being outside. But considering I'd only go outside to hang out with my best friend, I thought *she* was the problem. I took me a while but I eventually decided, even though I didn't really want to, to end the friendship. I thought this would make me feel better, like it was the key to my happiness or something.

After I overcame the ugly crying phase that lasted for a week after I ended the friendship, I was feeling really good... for only a week. It was a sense of freedom like "I don't have to worry about anything anymore!!". I started missing her real bad though. But I thought, hey, maybe I just miss the IDEA of her, and not really HER. So I waited to see if my feelings would change over time. 

Back in september, uni started. We shared the same classes. We saw each other again and I thought it was a good opportunity to talk to her again and explain some things out, and especially apologize to her (we had a bad argument when I told her I was ending the friendship), and she apologized too. She was really excited because some of her guy friends were with her at uni and she wanted me to hang out with them. I was still questioning a lot of things about myself at this point, and I was terribly anxious about starting uni, and also because I was scared her friends wouldn't like me or think I'm too "innocent" or whatever. So I chickened out and decided to avoid her. Two days later, I dropped out of uni (not because of her), and didn't say a word. I was feeling ashamed about dropping out and I had issues at home that made me feel really depressed, so I isolated myself BAD. I pushed all of my friends away, and eventually ended up alone, well, I still had some internet friends, but they didn't last long because I ended up ignoring everyone's messages. 

Fast forward to now. I still miss my best friend terribly. Some days are worse than others. I thought I'd be over it by now but I always end up crying at night because I just want to talk to her and hang out like we used to. I tried to distract myself as much as I could, and I tried to make new friends, but every time, I ended up realizing that I was just trying to find someone to replace her, which obviously didn't work out. I realized that I talk about her everyday still to my parents. My mom actually asked me how she was doing and I had to remind her that we're no longer best friends. I still think very fondly of my best friend so when I talk about her, or think about her, it's like nothing happened. I dream about her too sometimes.

I want to contact her again. I want to explain to her everything I was feeling and tell her I want us to be friends again. But I'm scared. It looks like she's completely moved on from me, and she has this new (guy) friend and they seem really close. It makes me sad because I feel like I've been replaced and I won't be able to be her best friend again. I want to be here for her, laugh with her, cry with her, hang out with her, be by her side during the best and worst moments. I don't want to be with anyone else. Just her. I can't blame her for finding new friends and moving on, also her new friend seems like a really great guy, I actually think I'd get along with him. But I don't know, it still makes me feel sad. It makes me feel like I shouldn't contact her because she doesn't need me in her life anymore and she forgot about me. I'm aware this is probably the case though.

I've been thinking of making an audio where I just talk about what's on my mind and talk about our friendship and send it to her. I'm so scared though. Is this a good idea or should I just drop it? It really makes me feel sad and I'm crying way too much over this -- I feel like, even if we can't be friends again, I need some closure. I didn't tell her everything when I ended the friendship, I only told her something like "we don't click anymore", I'm not even sure because it was a lie. I didn't want to hurt her feelings by saying her depression was hard for me to deal with because I also had my issues. I don't know. Sorry I'm kind of a mess haha, I hope you can still understand what I'm saying.

Also -- if you think I should do the audio thing -- do you have any advice on what to say and what not to say? I'd really appreciate it.

**TL;DR: I ended our friendship of two years because I was going through an identity crisis and she was dealing with severe depression and it made me feel terribly drained. I regret it though and I've been missing her so much but I don't know how to contact her again as she's got a new close friend and seems to have moved on. I've been thinking about making an audio for her where I talk about our friendship and what's on my mind but I'm not sure if this is a good idea. Should I just drop it or still give it a shot? I deeply miss her and I can't seem to get over her no matter how hard I try to. Also -- if you think I should do the audio thing -- do you have any advice on what to say and what not to say? I'd really appreciate it.**