Friends keep making fun of me?
Firstly, I'm 18 and attending high school right now.Recently, my parents got us a dog, and we named it Carly. I freaking loved her, but after reviewing some medical expenses we would have to pay, we had to give her back to her shelter after only a month or so of having her. I was heartbroken.

I came back to school on Monday this week and told my friends. Now in my friend group of three, there is one guy who loves to make fun of us. One of my friends is fat so he makes fun of his weight. I'm gay and he makes fun of me for being a faggot. My other friend does weed and he makes fun of him for being a drug junkie.

But I think he crossed the line this time. He made fun of me by saying "you killed your dog" and all he's been doing this week has been calling me a "dog killer" and telling everyone that I am one. The annoying part is my best friend in the group is tagging along with this joke and they both think it's okay to make fun of me for this.

I'm kind of embarrassed to say this, but I'm a very emotional person and I suffer from depression so it's hard for me to deal with this kind of stuff. Today when they started making fun of me again for being a "dog killer" I left and hid in the bathroom cause I just wanted to cry and I did. I hate it when people are mean to each other and it really hurts when someone does it to me. That, and the fact I was really sad about Carly leaving me makes me just not want to talk to them anymore. But the problem is those guys are the only friends I really have (Trust me, they remind me I'd have no friends if they weren't so nice to be my friend).

I really don't know what to do. I miss my dog, I've been really depressed as of recently, and my friends are making fun of me. What should I do about my friends, honestly? Because I know if I tell them "guys stop making fun of me, I didn't kill my dog" they'd without a doubt say something like "that's exactly what a dog killer would say!". I've never been able to reason with them whenever they make fun of me.

Can anyone help me?