How to drift away from a 'best friend' you don't like anymore?
I have a friend, and I am trying to put distance between us. They're generally a nice person (but do some mean things occasionally), but they're quite... boring. Okay, very boring. I don't even know how I have been able to put up with the lack of interesting conversation for the past 2 years. I need a best friend with whom I can laugh about fun stuff and not just talk about SCHOOL. 

Let's call them B. 

B has clung to me for the past 2 years, so they don't have any other friends. I have loads of other friends, but they all assume that I'm best friends with B, so they don't make an effort to include me in their friendship group. I've told quite a few of them, and they are giving me some advice on what to do, but I want to see what all of you say. 

For the past few weeks, I have been making it quite clear that I don't really want to talk to B. I give them short answers as replies, don't make eye contact or initiate conversations and I have generally been ignoring them. I know it sounds mean, but I've had enough. I can't deal with clingy people. However, B is either EXTREMELY OBLIVIOUS, or they are just being really stubborn. 

Also, even though I am ignoring B, I sit next to them in lots of lessons, and I also hang out in the same room as them at break and lunch so they always come and shuffle next to me! SO. INFURIATING. I don't want to change rooms, because then I won't be with my friends. 

Another thing is that if I ignore B, I actually look like a loner. I ignore them by being antisocial in the corner doing my homework most of the time. I mean, everyone in my school already thinks I'm sort of weird child that studies all of the time, because I always seem to be studying at school (which is actually because I don't do anything at home). I also have to eat by myself at lunch, and having social anxiety definitely doesn't help with that. I know I shouldn't care about that, but it's hard not to. 

I went off on a tangent there, didn't I?

So basically, what I'm trying to ask you is that should I completely completely ignore B (e.g. don't talk to them at all) or is that too mean? (Please don't suggest anything that says to try and be friends with them, because I don't want to do that. I want to make exciting friendships that I will remember, and not be stuck with... a boring person. Also, I'm 14. I don't know if that will help, but meh.)

B has turned into one of those people that... you just want to punch in the face for no reason. Do you sort of get what I mean?

Anyway, thanks for listening to this ranty thing. It took ages to write. 