Dealing with a spiteful sister-in-law?
I'm 28, and we are all living under the same roof. I live with my mom and dad, and help take care of my grandparents.. I have fibromyalgia, chronic pain, migraines 4-5 times a week and have trouble getting out of bed some days. Brother (loses jobs frequently, can never keep his wife happy) she's become a very spiteful and distant person in the last 2 years. They decided to move in March of 2016 after not getting their way of getting help from my mom (who helps everyone and is the kindest and most selfless person you will ever meet). They have 3 kids, and now a fourth one on the way in May. Brother "Dave" and his wife gonna call her "Vick". Always go back and forth at one another, as he loses jobs and they both work (she's held a stable job and he hasn't), calls him lazy, P.O.S., a horrible father, our family made her the way she is now, tells her kids to "suck it or, or stop crying" when they get upset or hurt. She used to be the sweetest, kindest person ever. I REALLY liked this woman, and we got along great. I could never say a bad thing about her 10 years ago. Until, I came out in 2008 as gay. She was supportive or so I thought. Then wrote a long nasty letter to me after telling my mom she didn't want me holding my boyfriends hand around her kids, that she didn't want that exposed to them, etc. I called her a hypocrite and walked off, because she did all these things with her husband and more. Nothing more, nothing less.  Cause she was and I was sick of all her bull about me and her hating on the way I was. I don't say things unless something truly bothers me and I was at the last straw. 


Said she didn't support me being gay, me being with my boyfriend was wrong, she doesn't want her kids around it, etc. Anyway, little bits of this kept coming up over the last 9 years and slowly grew distant from her. Last one me being worried about her being mad at me for something, as she came in and didn't talk  to me or respond to what I had said. I said is she mad at me? To my brother. He goes I don't think so. She then yells "I'm not mad, STOP BEING SO DRAMATIC!" I'm like wow.. completely out of character for her. I've never done anything to her to get spoken to like this.  1 year ago -- she called my brother a piece of sh*t for the 40th time. I got tired of it, her belittling him, throwing his things, telling him that our family are horrible people for the fights we get in once every 2 months. He looked defeated, he looked the saddest I've ever seen him. I asked what was wrong, he told me. I agreed with what he had said about her letting the children use the tablets too, that it was ridiculous that she's called him something so horrible over it. I was really angry at her, disappointed with her. We had gotten into a big fight after me coming out before as well and she denied everything that happened that day. 


I whipped out my phone for this one -- so all the facts were here. Everything was caught on camera for the minute we got into it. After I go into my room, she comes and slams the door next to my room closed and says, "You've got to me f'ing kidding me. Is he really siding with you. HELL NO!" to my brother. I come out and say what's the problem? (My mistake, but no... no one in my family has ever said anything to this woman to keep the peace. They're afraid of her taking the grandchildren away and my mom loves them dearly and is afraid of having a bad relationship with her.) I say "I'm tired of you calling my brother a piece of crap." I yelled, "Stop treating him like that, what the hell is wrong with you? Who says that to the person they love and are married to? Why do you belittle him so much when he's finally got a nice job. I can't believe anyone in this house doesn't say anything to you over the way you treat him, specially around your kids. You say we're saying bad words in front of them and you guys and making you this way, analyze yourself." 


She tells then to "go back to your room, get a frigging job." Then turns to my brother and says "do something with your brother, go back to your room!""I say no, you don't like what I have to say (and I speak for everyone in this house cause it's true). You can go." This sparks her sister to message me -- telling me "Never in my life have I been so disgusted with someone. Who do you think you are filming her!? The mother of your nephew and nieces raising your voice at her telling her to get out. I'm so disgusted, get the F' outta here!" 


Brother wouldn't defend her after that happened. She went to my mom (who's like best friends with her) -- she didn't defend her. She then split with him for 8 months (this last August) that day. Now they're back together. Saying they're going to move and haven't. Ever since then, she's just been passive aggressive. Stands in the doorway and doesn't move when I need to get through. Is constantly rude when anyone says anything to her kids (when they're making a mess, yelling and telling adults to stop talking to them) unattended downstairs as she's on the couch upstairs. Telling my brother that I'm doing things when I haven't even spoken to this woman in months. I am so uncomfortable around her. I have said hi to her and things and have stopped, because it's a short "hi" and walks by. The last 6 months she's walked by me and hasn't said a word, no hi, no bye when she goes out the door. Walks by me or anyone in this house aside from my mom like we're not there.

I know this sounds pathetic coming from a man who's 28, but I'm actually sick and am developing actual dislike and almost even hate for this woman. She hogs the washer and dryer, tells me to turn my animal light off when she's going to bed (cause it's out where she sleeps in the upstairs loft). Tells me to get all my stuff out of there when it was my storage space and now my room is packed with all my things out there. Tells everyone to keep it down. You go down the stairs too loud (passed her) she will ask who's there and make a big deal out of it. If anyone says anything to their daughters being rude to us, they both snap (yes my brother too) and call us rude, guilt trip us and say "they're 5 and 9 years old, this is the way youre going to talk to a kid!?!, or they were just trying to make a sandwich as they're telling us to "stop taking to me or telling me what to do, you're not my mom or dad" etc.

Is it bad that I want them all to move? I'm in my room most days when they're. I feel so trapped here, and I don't know what to do. I have no choice but to stay here until I find a job for people like me with chronic health issues - and they're never going to move because they constantly mooch off my mother.  She pays for their car accidents, their bills, their car rentals, their groceries, dinner, gives them money to go on dates and gas to go drive to work (even though they make their own money), etc.  My mom is starting to sort of agree she even wants them to move, and she won't step up and say anything to anyone. I tell her to or else I will. She goes "NO DON'T!" She's so afraid of these people -- and losing her grandkids. 

I don't know what to do.