Was it wrong to block my dad's phone?
Was it wrong of me to block my dad? We had a massive fight that just escalated quickly, as we always do. My dad has a habit to threaten to disown me every time he gets angry. Once I pointed out how hurtful it was, and asked him to please not to say that, but nothing changed. So I’m just trying not to respond to these angry text messages about how he wanted me to stop using their address because we are not family anymore. 20 minutes later he sends another message telling me to do as he says or he will embarrass me in an extended family group chat (he doesn’t know that it doesn’t bother me and he eventually carries out this threat later), and then 20 minutes later he offers me a deal where he would drop this address issue if I do a couple of things that he wanted. Sorry for being vague, the things he wanted were the things I essentially didn’t want to do and is linked to what we had an argument about. From my perspective, I saw messages that were intentionally hurtful, about how I wasn’t family, and then I saw a threat to shame me, and then I saw what looks like a way to manipulate or coerce me into doing what he wanted. It was very late at night and I had work the next day. That was the point I blocked his number (and I told him before I blocked it) and it is the first time ever in all 30 years of my life. However, now I’m wondering if it was the right thing to do, because well, Asian parents always say shit like that and don’t mean it, and I think my very drastic step would have upset both my parents a lot. An imposed silence also sabotages the opportunity for future open communication and is quite passive aggressive as well. If they were overreacting about the disowning me part, then I could have angered them to the point where they decide to go through with it.

The next two days I unblocked my dad and sent some messages about how I was sorry I had to block my dad and clarified some of the things they were unhappy about (some of what they were unhappy about wasn't at all true). But I think both my parents have now blocked my number. Yet I can't blame them for doing that because I did it to them first, but I do wish I had just turned off my mobile, or been able to bear the burden of hearing shitty talk, instead of blocking my dad. (It's not possible to visit them as we live in different countries).  

Prior to this fight, I have been working through ‘abandonment’ issues with a therapist. Not hard to understand why… my dad always says things like ‘don’t call me dad’ and ‘don’t come home’, ‘don’t need a daughter like that’ if I don’t do what he says for as long as I can remember. My parents don't know this. I’ve thought about completely cutting my dad out of my life, but I’m undecided as I feel like other people who have done it have more serious issues like abuse, violence, lying, and more about conflicts on serious issues like marriage, religion, sexual identity and child custody.

Would really appreciate some 'Asian' perspective here, as most of my friends don't fully understand the cultural aspect of this. 
