Hosted my sister’s baby shower, only to be a second thought the next day
Hi Reddit! I’m wondering if I’m being too emotional about this and could use your opinion. I flew from Utah to Boston and arrived Thursday morning on a red eye. From 6am Thursday to 3am Saturday, my mom and I prepped for my sisters baby shower. I see her once or twice a year, but the three of us talk almost everyday on a group chat, and we’re close. My mom and I stopped prepping briefly Friday night to meet her, her husband, and her best friend (who flew in that night) for dinner- so that was the first time I was seeing her this trip, same as her friend. The best friend stayed at her house while I was staying with my mom.

So Saturday we had the shower for 25 people. Huge hit. Sister was very very appreciative and loved it. I had brought my suitcase in the event I slept over there, so I could have more time with her Sunday morning. This is generally normal. Once the shower wrapped, her friend brought my suitcase down...sort of a “here you go, bye.”

The main Sunday plan was to watch the AFC game back at her house, at 3pm. I woke up after some major sleep catch up at 10:30 and asked the mom/sister group text, “what should we do today kids??” To which my sister replied that her and her girlfriend are getting breakfast and meeting up with the girlfriend’s husband’s cousin (who also lives in Boston) and that they’d be back at the house at 2:30 before the game. 

My flight back to Utah is 6am Monday, so today (Sunday) was really the only time to see her.

I didn’t respond to that message. Around 1pm I told my mom that I didn’t want to watch the game with them, and I’d rather go downtown and watch it in a bar since I was feeling extremely hurt after putting all that work in for her shower, and then feel like an after thought the next day. So, Mom and I went to a bar and watched it.

Sister and her husband blew up at me for being so “selfish” and are not talking to me. Husband went so far as to say I’m not welcome to see the baby when he comes. Crazy.

I guess I should have put a smile on my face and just showed up for the game at 3? I would have if I ever stopped crying. 

Thoughts?? 