Friend is acting distant, not hanging out much, i don't know what to do.
*Apologies ahead of time for the novel.*

So i (M 30s) have been friends with my buddy (M 30s) for several years, and there seems to be a repeating pattern with him and i really don't know what to do when this happens.  Instead of a long history, i'll just cite these last few months as an example.

So as i said, we've known each other for quite a while.  He's probably my best friend, although i wouldn't say i'm his (i'm not sure he really has one).  But anyways, prior to the last couple months we were hanging out as we usually do.  If we don't hang out every other day, we'd usually catch up over voice chat while playing video games, etc...  And this is the normal routine for us, we'd talk or hang out at least every other day, if not more often.  Then suddenly, a few weeks ago, it's like a switch went off and he's out.

What i mean by that is since then, i may hear from him once a week for an hour or so, at best; sometimes longer.  When we do chat, he mostly seems normal, but i can tell he's off.  So i've asked him what he's been up to, what's going on in his life, you know the usuals, and i get the usual answers for him: work, playing video games, seeing his parents occasionally.  I've brought up his absence and asked him what's going on, and his answer is usually the standard runaround, "oh nothing", "i've just been avoiding everyone", "just doing my own thing".  I pressed a little harder a couple weeks back and got a jokingly put "i guess i've got a serotonin imbalance, haha". I could sense his desire not to talk about it (which he never does, he hates discussing anything feelings related), so i let it go.

Next time we spoke, i brought it up again, asked him how he was doing with his issues, and got the usual "meh" or "i dunno".  When i asked what i could do to help him, he answered, "you can stop fucking asking me about it", so i of course let it go, and our convo continued as if there were no problems.  But of course there are, he's still MIA for weeks at a time.  The thing is, this is a pattern with him.  We're normal buddies, seeing/chatting all the time for months, and then WHAM, he's out and like this for weeks or a few months.  Then as if another switch goes off, he's back on again and acts normal and as if nothing's happened.  This has happened more times than i can count.

You know i wouldn't be so concerned if he were actually busy with life and doing things, but as he tells it in his own words when i do see him, he's doing nothing out of the ordinary (which for him is work and sitting home every night by himself (lives alone) playing video games (something we usually do together).  But as far as i can tell he's just sitting alone by himself every night.  

I've considered the possibility he's depressed or bi-polar (although you'd never get him to admit that), in which case i don't know what to do if he won't talk to me about it.  I've considered that perhaps i've done something to make him angry, but when he does come around (if i'm not bringing up this issue), he acts completely normal and we laugh and cut up, and whatnot like nothings wrong.  I've thought perhaps he's just not interested in being friends anymore, but he does still come around, and as i've said, after one of these episodes for a few weeks/months it's as if nothing's happened at all.  

So my problem is this.  I don't know what to do when he's like this.  I don't know how to act, what to say, how to approach him, etc.  You know, he's my best friend, i'd like to be there for him, to help if i can, but he rebuffs any attempt on my part to find out what's really going on, well besides him just "avoiding everyone right now, and doing my own thing".  He gets agitated if i push the issue.  So how do i handle this?  Is there a way to broach this topic that would get a better response?  When he does come around, how should i act around him?  What do i say, should i even bring it up?  I'm a very open person regarding my feelings and inner workings, and he's obviously not.  If this is just a thing he does, if it's not my fault and there's genuinely nothing i can do to help, how would i even get him to tell me that's the case if he doesn't like talking about it?  When he gets this way i just feel like i'm walking on eggshells around my best friend.  I dunno if it's ok to text, to invite him around, or whatever cause i'm afraid it's gonna bother him and push him further away.

So i'm sure i've left out a lot of details, but i guess that's the gist of it.  I would appreciate any meaningful advice anyone has to offer, especially if anyone around here has experienced anything similar with a friend.  Thanks to everyone ahead of time for replying.