Apologise and make up or move on?
Sorry it’s long, but I really need advice.

I’m a girl and he’s a gay guy so there’s definitely no feelings other than friendship. He only invites me to clubs occasionally, never to hang out. I felt used &amp; that he only invites me to pay for his drinks. Most of the time he ditches me to go off with random guys. One night I was going home early and he said ‘no you’re staying at mine tonight’, but within half an hour met some guy and said he was going home with him instead- and that didn’t even end up happening because the guy had a boyfriend, so he ditched me for no reason. He doesn’t even text me, because apparently he’s a bad communicator. On the flip side he constantly refers to me as ‘one of his best friends’, tells me he loves me and wants me to be his maid of honour one day.

He had a potential STI scare recently and asked if I’d go to the clinic with him. I ran out of my house and across the city to sit with him for 4 hours, didn’t even have time to brush my teeth! While we were waiting I told him this was the first time we’ve hung out outside of a club, and he said ‘it’s not my fault I’m busy’. I didn’t show it but I was really disappointed. He’s a student (as am I), not the president. He hangs out with his other friends constantly, stays at their house for a week at a time OR MORE, but has the nerve to tell me he’s too busy for me.

A week later he invited me to the club again and we left and walked to the bus stop together. He got on his bus and left me alone and drunk, again. It’s also strange because he’d always invite me to stay at his after nights out, but that randomly stopped a couple of months ago. Anyway, this time I had enough and ignored his messages after that. He then invited me to the cinema and I said yes. On the day I saw that he was with his other friends instead. He called me at night and said he was ‘tired and sick’ but we could meet 2 days later. I just said ‘ok’ because I didn’t want to confront him and fall out. 

On the day we were meeting he text me at 5pm and asked ‘are you still up for the cinema?’ and following advice from my friends, I said ‘no thanks’ and told him it’s unbelievable that after everything hes done he chose to blow off hanging out with me to hang out with other friends, and lied about it. I also said he’s not busy, he’s just a shit friend. He said he agrees that I’m a better friend than him but he never hangs out with anyone sober and he’s trying his best. He said he was making an effort to match his actions to his words by spending time with me alone. I didn’t reply. 

It’s been 4 days and we haven’t spoken since. He’s been with his other friends the whole time and frankly I don’t think he’s bothered. I know it sounds dramatic but I’ve barely slept since. I’m only getting 3 hours of sleep a night and I’m really sad and can’t stop thinking about the situation. I thought we were gonna be friends forever. I love him and want him in my life but everyone says I’ve given him too many chances. I’ve been thinking about apologising and making up, if nothing else at least just so I can feel better and start sleeping again. But I don’t know how it will be received or if anything will change. I don’t know what to do but this situation is killing me and I regret causing it in the first place. If anyone has even read this, thank you