Grandmother asks for loan to estranged father, then refuses to carry debt
I'm mostly estranged from my father who has narcissistic personality disorder, lives as a squatter in the forest, and works only part-time. Meanwhile, I work in Silicon Valley.

His sister made a huge effort to contact me, which I ignored for months understanding that she likely has a personality disorder as well. Eventually, I relented and agreed to meet my father for dinner over the holidays.

In February, I received a call from my paternal grandmother saying my dad needs a loan because he lost his temporary job (he has regular seasonal employment) and employment-insurance benefits have recently been changed where he lives. I called my dad and he asked for a loan of $5,000. I felt sorry for the guy, so I wired him the money. After further thought, I feel this is quite a bit more than he needs to be homeless for a few months and carry his credit card payments until getting new employment.

Meanwhile, my grandmother has just sold her mobile home for $60,000 and left a voicemail to tell me of this and ask if I was willing to drive down and pickup some boxes. This isn't realistic, if I did go there I would fly rather than drive for 8 hours.

I called her back and asked if she would assume her son's debt. This saves me the stress of servicing the loan and I have no interest in lending money whatsoever. Since she has cash from selling her house, she is easily able to do this now. Her son can pay her back.

She told me that the money from the house was needed for her retirement and that she's "on social security." I responded, "I'm saving for retirement too." (I make the full $18,500 401(k) contribution each year to avoid ending up in the forest like my dad and this in addition to paying into social security which probably won't even exist when I am 67) "That's no way to talk to your grandmother. I'm going to hang up if you..." at which point I hung-up the phone.

My instinct her is to forget about getting the money back and just disconnect from all three: dad, grandmother, and the aunt (who I should have just ignored).

Any thoughts?