 Hello,      I am trying this blog thing for the first time, I kinda like the idea of it... today has started off pretty good, I still have to vacum the house... yesterday was a great day... unfortunatly the voices in my head keep on telling me to do things, things they have never told me to do before... they used to always tell me to kill and to hurt... but now they are trying to help me I think, you see, yesterday I went to the mall with my girlfriend, and we went and saw a movie together. My voices only come out in the dark and it happened to be just dark enough in the theater for me to hear them. Throught the whole movie they were telling me to do stuff like, put my arm around her, kiss her, stuff like that... sometimes it got plain disturbing the things they told me (I won't repeat them...) but overall yesterday was an awesome day... last night though, when I got home, they "punished" me for the times that I wouldn't listen to them... they were screaming inside my head that I am worthless, that I have no chance of having a real life if I refuse to listen to them... and last night I had a dream about what it would have been like had I listened to them... I don't know what to do... I think that they are trying to trick me to trusting them so that they can eventually have me do things that I will really regret... but I don't know... also... my girlfriend's ex, Richie (grr... must... kill..), keeps on telling her that she has to break up with me and start talking to him again in order for her to have a chance of getting back into thespians, god, I truly do hate him... he is using things that I can't stand that I said against me now... and it really get's to my girlfriend... god, I love her so frigin much... but I just don't know what to do sometimes... I think, hell, I know she still has feelings for him... but I couldn't confront her about them in a million years... my best friend, kevin, thinks that I should break up with her... but god, i just couldn't bear to do such a thing... well, I'd better go... I've got more to write, I may post again later tonight...
