 Today was Teddy Bear day at Alexander's daycare. All of the kids in his class were supposed to bring Teddy Bears, yesterday they made Teddy Bear books out of construction paper - you get the picture. Alexander does not like to get boxed in to conventional thinking so he interpreted it as "pet" day. This opened up his entire stuffed animal collection to be taken to school. Alexander chose his Big Bird to take to school, but it is no ordinary, stuffed, Big Bird. Oh no. This one was given to him as paybacks for some annoying toy that my wife or I gave to someone else's child. This Big Bird has a whole bunch of games that you can choose by squeezing his toes. He also has a backpack full of blocks that have letters, numbers, and shapes. You put a block into his hand and talks about it, depending on which game you picked. Sounds good on paper, right? The catch is that some deviant toy maker endowed this Big Bird with the most annoying, nasal voice - and it has no off switch. That's right. Once you awaken the bird, it starts talking, trying to get the child to play, it waits a few seconds, and then tries again, and again, and again.... Remember how I said that there is no off switch? Yeah. I imagine that the designers of this toy are in a witness protection program somewhere. Think about how this toy got made - in some corporate meeting room, an assortment of marketing, technical, sales, and other people got together - probably many times, reviewed this design, and decided that it was a good idea. Anyway, this is what Alexander took to school. I thought that I had hidden it better than that, but I was mistaken. Anyway, when I took him into his room, his teacher thought that The Bird was cute - and then he awakened it. I chose that moment to beat feet out of there. In the evening when I returned to pick up Alexander, his bird was not in his cubby with his blanket and other things. It was on top of the cabinets as far out of reach as the teachers could make it. They must not like that voice, either.
