 OK. I've been wanting to blog for awhile. Thing is I can't decide how honest I want to be in it. What if someone in the family found it? Guess I'll just have to take that chance. So anyway, what I really wanted to write about is Shana. I hate talking to anyone in the family about her because I don't want to upset them. I mean, what if they're having a good day? Then I pour out all of my stuff and make them start grieving again. Although I know, realistically, that we'll never stop grieving. I still cannot believe that she killed herself. Immediately after, that week, sometimes someone would say it must have been an accident. But come on, Shana was brilliant. She knew how little she was. Taking a bottle of anti-depressants and pain pills was not an accident. She wanted to leave. She wanted the pain to stop. That's why she took them at bedtime.  I still hear my brother describing how he found her. Right after we got to the house he told us everything. Took us up to Shana's room and showed us her bed. Showed us where he carried her to the top of stairs and tried CPR. Told us the police had to pry her out of his arms. Told us she was already getting stiff. And she was cold, he said, so cold. Sometimes I can't stop hearing the stuff from that week. I can hear him crying my name.  I remember so much from that week. Picking out the fingernail polish, helping Grandma iron her clothes. Previewing her hair and makeup with my sisters. We took a picture for reference. My sister was so tough. I couldn't see the details through the tears but J did.  Even writing in my journal I feel like I need to edit stuff out. But I can't. It's time to get this stuff out. Shana's been gone for over a year and I still don't really believe it. She was only 19 and had so much to live for. I'll never stop wondering why.  Her suicide note was in her live journal. Titled "Enough is Enough". That's it. I'm done. I love you all... The same message, or maybe a little longer, was set up as an 'away' message in outlook. I never could bring myself to email her so I'd get it back as a reply. I asked my sister if she'd made up an album of Shana stuff. She said she thought the pictures belonged interspersed with other family pictures. I don't know though. Seems like I might do an album - but do I put the funeral notice and program in there too? I wanted to keep them. Don't know why.
