 Anyone who hates barbie will love love love this site!  Here is a song me and my friend made up to make fun of Barbie:  I’m a Barbie girl in the Barbie world. My hair is really real but my feet are just an ugly deal. I’m really, really skinny but im not really worth money. Some people think im worth the deal and some think im a rip-off for real. My clothes are cool but don’t go with me they just look good on my scene. Ohhh I’m a Barbie girl in the Barbie world I’m really fantastic and made of all plastic.  I have friends but my friends have better trends. I have a pet possum and he’s so awesome. I am really, really weak and such a freak. I have lots of wrinkles and my hair is always crinkled. I can bark like a dog but it sounds like a frog. My hair is very rare because it has an ugly glare. I work for the news and everyone hates my shoes. I like hi heels but when I walk I look like an eel. I like to eat bugs because they rhyme with rugs. People say I talk too much and that’s why the give me a little punch and people say I munch to much when I eat my nasty lunch. I’m a Barbie girl in the Barbie world I’m made of plastic its really fantastic. I have big ears and they give me lots of tears. I look really dinky just like a slinky. I’m not a kitty because im not pretty. I look like porky the pig and I know how to dig. I have so much pettiness because I’m so hideous when I got married I married something hairy that looked like my pet Gary. My very yellow hair looks like an ugly bear. Once I met the dairy fairy and she gave me my pet Gary. I’m a Barbie girl in the Barbie world I’m made of plastic it’s so fantastic. Some people say I look like a mouse and live in a tiny house. On Christmas day my mommy made me take an x-ray to see if I ate a stingray. Yesterday I got so cold that I turned into mold and that’s why this is all I have to say.  Ohhh I’m a Barbie girl in the Barbie world I’m made of plastic it’s so fantastic. Ohh I’m a Barbie girl in the Barbie world.   Barbie hater
