 My first blog.. Man I used to wonder what a blog really is and now am blogging  ;o)  ... I am techie from india (I know nowadays being a techie from India is very dangerous) slogging out ... enjoying myself...But have some serious doubts about certain new things that I am discovering...  Quality  is a wonderful sounding word and my initiation into Project Management exposed me to a world of  jargons, metrics, templates and of course complete non-sense . I know that I may be chided for writing that, but let me clarify. On the set I am a devotee (right word) of the world of mathematics which never ceases to amaze me and Statistics, cos its just wonderful. During one of the great training days, it was conveyed, Statistics shouldn't be employed to misrepresent the data and now I wonder if it is the whole process is to do so. Information is available very abundantly and I guess we have surplus than we can consume. I wonder if generation of information is the basis of quality. Which comes to my first question ? Does adhering to quality standards mean "keep your common sense @ home and come". I wonder if the purists of statistics are the ones to satisfy. Cmon.. I wonder what possible information can be derived out of one's coffee breaks, one's mails and definitely the winner, How many lines of code I can dish out ? wonder if they know that I can eternally keep on putting braces, new lines, comments, star, hashes etc and they all contribute to code. Yeah Yeah I know, we have tools that can take care of these, but is this an indicator of a person's ability... Wonder what good is the information for... Begs the second question.. I get the common answer.. information may be useful down the line.. Yes it may be and may not be.. Going by the theory of probability it is equi-probable... I guess quality is used to ensure that the product being manufactured is in accordance with the best-practices in the industry (for starters) and more importantly, you learn from your current process to refine the same.. I think refinement is the catch and I guess it can be done in more than one way than generate some junk metrics..Wonder how the process can be refined from measuring no. of lines dished out in a day... Look forward to people's views... Hey feel free to drop in and drop a line... Hope this blog goes a long way... Time to hit off...
