 so yesterday I was going though my old bookmarks and then I found the one that was my boyfiends, from right before we met till a short time after (a few days) then he said he removed it since he never had time to post and it was all about his ex anyway... so I clicked the little book mark and what do i see but a bunch of horable things about me, and i admit i am a bitch but, i have been really great as far as moods and that shit latly, so whats the deal right? the past few months i have been cooking, at least two dinners a night, do laundry for 7, some dishes ( he does seem to help with that on and off) then i get to fold and find a place for all the laundry, hope like hell i get time to eat dinner, and go to bed way to late, and get up way to early to start the day with most the time all 5 kids fighting, not getting ready, and still trying to get everyone out the door before 7:30. We drop off a few kids here and a few there, then i go to work for 5-8 hours, doing what? you might ask, well *fucking housekeeping*** what fun RIGHT? So everyday this is my day, and sometimes i have to go to the store and pick up more food for a bunch of ppl that dont care if i cook i guess cuz they dont always (rather, hardly ever) eat what i make.  So what i mean by two faced, i mean why would i do all this for more then me and my own kids if i didnt think he loved me, i thought so  untill i read what i read, and that isnt the first time he has been known to talk all that shit about me,  so what am i doing I ask... self what the hell are you doing, this is looking like a realationship of convienence and not of love, or even lust or any of the good stuff. at least that is how i am starting to get the feelings from him, im just here, ruining his life for him, everything is my fault, geting old friends it really is. AND thats all i have to say about that....  on a lighter side, my youngest offspring, cut all her hair off on her own last night, she said she was "fixing her bangs"  guess she was going for that bangs all around look...
