 This is my new blog.. i have closed my old one due to personal reasons... but never mind about the past.. the last few weeks was hell for me.. i lost my best friend to my enemy,  i screwed up my client's case, my clients are still haunted by the lawyers to pay her legal fees, i spent my entire week trying to please my big client for documents, karen left me for japan, boyfriend was bus at work, bad mood, dint do as well last quater,...I am dying for a get away!....This week is better... i went JB shopping with yann... went dinner with karen last nite... missed her quite badly while she was at japan... We had our usual dinner at bishan..Junction8 is a dangerous place.. with charles and keith and their ever changing new collections, g2000 with their storewide sale.... and new players like seiyu.. which comes with loads of in house brands .. i saw this black shift dress.. so nice... only 33 leh.. even karen told me to buy it.. NO NO.. karen is a bad influence..heh.. i saved her from buying a cutie shoe from charles and keith.. i guess karen and i gonna be soul mates for a long time.. i lost my best friend and her best friend is at australia. so we can take care of each other untill clara returns.. and i got to return her to clara... actually i am glad that i lost pris at this time, she is seeing someone she likes, whom i disapproved as 'he' is not a christian, and i tink that they will not be happy together.. pris is always haunted by the bag idea that she shouldnt be going out with non christian... at least she has someone to hang on to if she is really depressed... and she has that group of girls to cheer her up... i feel that maby pris thinks that i am very shallow to give up our friendship.. but i have went alot to make a decision like this... i came a conclusion that i went through all her unhappy moments with her, and she shared her weekend with another group of people... many of her words sided them.. i decided.. that this friendship had to go... hiya... i hope i can get over this fast... ok.. better not talk too much about unhappy stuff.. its friday!... better finish up with my work so i can meet my darling tonight!!!
