 I used to eat strawberry chapstick when I was a kid. When I say eat, I'm talking roll up the tube and take bites of it. I also used to have tragically chapped lips. I would always ask my dad for a new tube when we were in the checkout line of the grocery store and he kept buying them until he realized that no human can go through chapstick that quickly if you use it in the conventional way. Perhaps the fact that my lips could have been used as an alternative to sand paper gave it away and he soon found out about my snacking habits and refused to buy me anymore chapstick.  Now many years later, I have a slight obsession with chapstick and other lip products and if I may say so myself, I also have wonderfully soft lips. But, I have recently concluded that the ingestion of strawberry chapstick has lead to my many neuroses (we'll get into them a little later). I suppose they could have come from my parents divorce, my mom's abusive remarriage, the teasing I endured at school, some chemical imbalance or maybe even the time I crashed my tricycle and whacked my head on the concrete, but I've decided I like blaming it on chapstick instead.  It wasnt until a few years ago that I realized I really did have some strange neuroses and that most other people have very few or even none. In the last few months, I've noticed that they effect me more that I ever thought. I used to think "oh thats just a quirk about me" or "hey, everyone is a little crazy about some things".  I am not a lunatic by any means and most of my "quirks" are internal and really only effect me, but because I know I was not ALWAYS this way, it has really lead me to wonder *When does a person become who they are going to be and when is it too late to go back?*  Of course you can get some therapy or take some medication to rid you of many issues you may have, but after you have grown and matured enough to even realize you have issues then wouldnt any kind of "intervention" change WHO YOU are or force you to go through live pretending that you are someone else after you have been "cured"? Is a "cure" really just self-denial about who you really are? Do you really want to do that?
