 Question.   What is this blog about? why's it here? who the hell are you? and why do you think that this deserves to take up valuable internet real estate?   well i'll tell you grasshopper. this blog is a test, a personal test. a test designed to push my own boundaries, and maybe...just maybe bring into being something bigger than just another shitty internet blog.  ultimately, this blog will be a place where i can give wings to my voice and throw open the doors that hold back the whirlwind of emotions and thoughts that dance their way through my headspace. ambiguous enough for you?  on a specific note, i am hoping to eventually provide enough detail about my personality and ideas/ideals that at some point in the future my posts can be used to create a simulacrum of myself. some sort of personality that will capture the essence of what I am about. but that's more of a long term goal.  short term this blog will aim to provide myself with a sounding board for my own thoughts and emotions. a place where I can cry out to my imagined readers and tweak my opinions.  the title of the blog 'generation gap' reflects a deep emotional feeling that I have regarding being labeled by society, and falling down into the generation gap [or generation trap]. hopefully my rantings will address this give the site a 'feel' of changing for the better.  so who the hell am i? i am me! i am someone who is searching. someone who is constantly looking, not sure what he will find, but making the most of the journey of discovery. i am someone who is sick to death of the crap passed down to us by society, in an unconscious attempt to mold us and tell us how to be. i am someone who is trying to push my own boundaries to discover my own mettle and shine in whatever way i can. i am me.  as for why this site should exist, well simply put, cause i want it to. it represents an extention of my will into an infinate void [the interent] where there exists plenty of room for everyone to play. so if you run into this site and don't like it... don't read it, don't come back... sorted. this site exists for me, but if someone else benefits from it then fantastic!  next question.
