 Welcome to my "Hello World" post!  I am on a mission!  My wife, whom I couldn't love more if I tried, has had the wonderful luck of having her job relocate us to Orlando Florida!!  YEEEAAAHHHH!    We love Disney World and have been at least twice a year since we were married back in 1991.  We most recently took the Disney cruise and absolutely loved every minute of it.  We have two kids, a boy who is 9 and a girl who is 7, and they both love Disney World as well.  So you can imagine our elation at getting to move to Orland!  Then reality struck us!!  My job doesn't have an office in Florida!  Oh no!  There is no way we could move if I didn't have a job to move down there to (we currently live in Indianapolis IN).  Well I work as an IT Manager/Project Manager so I thought I'd just hit MONSTER and DICE and bingo, the job offers would roll in!  WRONG!  After applying to over 30 job postings I haven't had a single reply of interest.  Ok so the first thing I did was get introspective.  Is it me?  Am I not employable in the year 2004?  Then I thought it was my resume, so I had a professional help me out with that.  He polished it to a fine sheen and I resubmitted it to DICE and MONSTER.  Guess what!!  STILL no hits!  I spoke to a recruiter in Florida who has assured me that I will NOT get any hits because I do not live in Florida!  WHAT!  I'm not even asking for relocation fees!  My wifes job has that covered.  This is so frustrating that I just have to share this with the rest of the world, or whoever reads this that is!  If you are reading this and you can help me, please do and God bless you!  You can contact me at goofybk@insightbb.com.  Even if you can't help me, feel free to email me and we can chat about this frustrating topic.  Can I be the only person looking to move to Florida who is experiencing this?  Please at least let me know that I am not alone here!  I will be posting daily so look for more tomorrow!  I'll close with a little Disney Magic -  "When you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are, you'll never get a job in Florida, if you don't live there!""  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
