 Last night was not our typical Thursday night!  We started the night out with happy hour at Baby A's on Barton Springs Rd. Our friend had her 22nd birthday so we all hung out drinking their signature purple "way too much everclear in them but we like them" margaritas.  There is a known rule amungst my friends and I wish to share this with anyone who reads this...if you ever go to Baby A's for happy hour and you have 2 purples, go home or stop drinking!!!! We did neither.    You see, we had an urge...Lava Lounge is one of our favorite bars downtown for two reasons, 1) it's located on 7th street around the corner from Fuel so it's nice to get away from the 6th street crowd! (For those of you that are not familiar with Austin, TX, sixth street is a popular strip that has about 60 bars adjacent to each other.) The music at Lava Lounge is formatted to fit everyones liking.  If you don't like the song on now, the next one will make you happy. 2) Lava Lounge is the home for our Bartender of the Month 3 months in a row! (Bartnder of the Month is voted on by our users)Walk up to the bar and ask for Gary, tell him you want the Marcus and Jack shot! Red Bull/Jager shots will come your way! Enjoy...oh yeah...tell him that ATXNIGHTLIFE.COM sent you!  We did make our way down to the Dizzy Rooster where it just so happend that Dax from MTV's Punk'd was at the bar.  We talked to him for a bit, and he said that he was in town filming a movie with Greg Kinnear (I think that's how you spell his last name).  It's funny how when you see someone on TV you have a certain idea of that person, but once you meet them, they aren't exactly what you imagined.  I pictured Dax as the party guy that goes out and drinks the night away.   Party Guy: yes Drinker: no But we had fun anyway! He was a pretty cool kat and the ladies sure loved him.    When we finished our sixth street bar hop, we ended it right where we started...Lava Lounge.  *From here on out, this is here-say: we walked into the bar and the place was packed!  We walked up to the bar 5 minutes past "1st last call" and Gary started making us shots.  The night couldn't have been better, good times with good friends, and one hell of a cheap tab!  Oh...I forgot to mention one thing...I met a midget who was an ex-pornstar! (or so he claimed...didn't matter cause he was surrounded by a crowd of girls, so we talked to him.)  God love the nightlife!!!
