 Yesterday while shooping for my husband, i am usually very nice and polite and try to use as much German as possible. But I always don't have the write words or i just don't know the language that well to come up with a solution to my conversation. Anyway I went to this store here called,"Budnikowsky". It is smaller to our Rite Aides or Drug stores in the States. The only difference is they don't carry drugs. On the Apotheke pharmacys carry any such over the counter remedy's. My daughter had dropped her binki or pacifier while we were walking and so i had to get a replacement for her and the best to go for that was Budni. Kowing that they carried such items. After getting my stroller in the store and wading threw all the people i had found what i was looking for. I then heading for the line to check out. Since the store is crowed most of the time,even on Mondays, I had to push my way to get in line or other people would just get in front of you again with the no personal boudries issue. If you leave room for another person someone will think that it is meant for them and just cut in front of you no second thought. Well as i approached the counter of this young cashier, she of course never sported a smile to customers but instead basically looked up briefly and gave the look of NEXT! My turn! I said Hi! and she said Guten Tag, meaning Hello back. My total was 1,98 euros. I gave her 2. She then in turn was asking if i had any change but because I dont speak the language i didnt understand what she was saying to me. What kinda of change would she need for 1,98? Two was good enough. All she had to do was give me back two cents. But because i didnt understand what she was saying i did understand her body language which ended up in a huff and a puff from her. Like she was telling me you stupid idiot dont you understand and if you dont you dont belong in my line. Well of course after that gester and after dealing with my sick daughter all day shopping i had all I could take of the day and promptly recieved my change and replied to her, "You know yo can eat shit!!". From the look on her face i can tell she understood everything i said even in english. After that i felt great for the rest of the day. I find if you are nice to these workers they run all over you until you are nasty like them back and then they are your best friend.  Viki C.
