 But there are a couple of things I've been thinking about.  Does it make me a bad person that I want to just quit my alumni group?  Here's the problem -- I'm the president of our chapter.  I have been for about a year and a half.  But it's not like I volunteered for it . . . or at least not without a bit of arm twisting from the ex-president.  And now I can't find anyone to arm twist myself.  And I want out!!  There's just not enough time in the day to dream up events, organize them, send out a mass email announcing them, reply to responses, etc.  Then I have to actually show up at the event -- early to get seats -- and talk to people.  Well, the talk to people part isn't horrible.  The showing up early is the one that always kills me.  I have to show up early enough to ensure enough seats for everyonee who's coming (half of which probably didn't RSVP), but late enough that I don't have to fight off the waitor for TOO long with promises of a coming party.  Uchhkk.  Let's see . . . what else.  Oh yeah -- I finally found a new apartment!  I'm pretty excited.  It's a one bedroom, so I'll be living by myself for the first time ever.  That's pretty nifty in some aspects . . . I can clean at my own pace (and only clean up after myself).  I can invite people over (or not) at my own discression.  I can decorate exactly as I like.  It'll be like heaven.  Except . . . I'm hoping I don't become a hermit.  Someone at work today joked that I'll be a cat lady.  I won't buy a cat -- I promise!!!  Hopefully it won't be so bad.  My current roommate will still be relatively close (she and her fiancee are moving in together).  My cousin will moving (with his wife) to a condo VERY close to my new place -- that'll be pretty nifty, cause I think we might be good friends -- we've never lived close enough to try before, but I've always enjoyed hanging out with him (and his wife) when I've gotten the chance.  Oh -- and I'll moving close to some friends-of-a-friend that I'm decently good friends with, too (and that I've always wanted to be better friends with).  So hopefully it'll all turn out well.  And it's a damn cute apartment  :-)
