 Where to begin?! The beginning would be good but I feel that jumping around keeps you on your toes more...jazz's things up a bit!  You are going to go on a strange trip, so grab a cocktail, sit back and buckle up...you are in for a long strange ride...YE-HAAAA!  First of all I must confess that I am the worst writer in the world, my grammar, punctuation and spelling are atrocious. It doesn't matter that there is spell check on this...it just don't matter! I am hopeless!!!!  I feel very old but I know I really am not. I am only 42, well I will be 43 soon. I am a single female, well not really single. I am in a relationship and have been for almost 6 years. My relationship is with another female who is 3 yrs. younger than me. What is age? Just a number. I don't look my age. I look maybe 5-6 yrs. younger than I am if not more on a really good day! Now my body feels like it is 143, which is a shame and that's a novel in itself.  I feel like I am such a failure and a disappointment to my mom, my partner and myself. I have some sisters, 3 to be exact but it don't really matter, they aren't much better. I think of them as 3 peas in a pod all fighting for lead pea! I don't care what they think about me or my life style. I think I am disappointed in life myself...Is this it? Is this all I get? Well if it is I want a refund or I would even settle on an exchange! I know it isn't really fair to say "IS THIS ALL I GET" It is the cards I have been dealt, its no ones fault that I haven't done something with myself and my life, not anyones fault but my own. Have I been lazy? I think so. I also think some of it has to do with no encouragement in my younger years. I was really good at the artsy stuff in school. As a matter of fact the art classes are the only classes that I did good in and actually got a's...A+'S at that. As for all the other classes I was lucky to get D's. I had no interest in anything other than art when I was younger. Had I had encouragement who knows where I might be right now instead of here. But no matter what, how I have turned out, how my life is right now is my doing and no one else's. I could have pushed myself to go to school, to make better job choices and to do a bunch of things differently. I guess I blame myself. I have to.  Alrighty, this is it for now, tune in another time for more!
