 What more can I say than BOYS??? That should be enough right there. Okay listen to this wonderful story...I have been with this guy(Corey) for one year on May 30, 2004 right...Well I thought that everything was just peachy between the two of us, but apparently I was totally wrong!! This guy whom I had previously liked had just broke up with his girlfriend of 9 months and I had went into his work shortly after their break up; well...Me and him got to talking and you know the kind of talk JUST good friends have right?? Anywhoo...A couple days later my brother invites him to the house to spend the night...I was totally cool with that b/c I had a boyfriend that I was totally content with. So he comes over that night and I was down stairs with my brothers and him watchin' a DVD and just relaxin' and then something unexpected happened...Matt(friend) told me that he had liked me for a long time now and was going to ask me out on a date but then I had started dating Corey(BF)!! So all that time that I had liked him and never thought that Matt(friend) would have gave me the time of day he LIKED me the WHOLE time!!!! OMG Now listen to this!! For a while now I had been thinking about breaking up with Corey(BF)b/c I hadn't really dated anybody else and me and Corey were starting to get REAL serious! And I wanted to experience other people first!! Well...I broke up with Corey on May 31, 2004(the day after our one year anniversary)I know what you are thinkin' right LOSER!! Well I had to go with what my heart told me!! And it told me to set myself free for a little while! You know open to dating, talking with a guy and not feel guilty! But here's the bad thing...I love Corey with all my heart! It's not like I don't love him anymore I just needed a little break from the whole "couple" status! Now I am tryin' to date other people and I am leaving my options open to anyone who wants to date me!! But I can't stop thinking about Corey! Gosh i love him soo much! I need some help!!!!! PLease give me so opinions!!!!!
