 Things I want to know:  1)  WTF is wrong with this place? 2)  Why do you continually piss me off each and every time I try to get to my blog? 3)  When am I going to find someplace else??  *grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr*  Not that I am not aggravated enough already today.  I'm so sleepy thanks to a certain someone who kept me up well past my bedtime last night (you know who you are :p).  Not that I'm *complaining* lol....but I am sleepy.  Going to bed RIGHT after I watch the Sox tonight.  Well, unless someone beans Eric Byrnes and gives him a concussion or some stiches.  Then I'll be up partying all night :D  God, I hate that man.  You do NOT shove Jason Varitek and expect not to make my list.  OMG.....my son has learned to swim.  Good GOD he surprised the SHIT out of me this weekend!  We went to my sister's down in Massachusetts for the 4th.  Last time I watched this kid try to swim was mid-June....he was getting it but not quite there.  He BLEW ME AWAY over the weekend. Jumped right into the over-his-head water and away he went, swimming from one side of the pool to the other....under water even.  If you know my kid....you know the whole underwater thing - HUGE deal.  **proud mommy**  I totally forgot the kid was due at summer school today too...he goes 5 weeks a summer to get help with his reading.  I don't think he needs it anymore (he really did last year but he is pretty much in the appropriate place at this point), but if they are going to give it to him....I'm going to let them.  Extra help's never a bad thing lol...anywho, I totally forgot that he was supposed to start today and I never sent him....he's with his aunt all day at my nephew's track meet.  Prolly a good thing tho....seeing as I forgot to call the bus company and tell them where to pick him up ANYWAY lol  *sigh*  I'm rambling.  Whatever.  I'm at work and I am caught up and bored as shit.  I have a *huge* project to start that's not a big priority so of course....I don't want to do it lol.  I guess I should tho...they do pay me.  I think I'll check my email first tho....then maybe my messageboards....make a phone call....dammit, I really need a nap.
