 an online journal sounds intriguing, if only to keep my thoughts in order. i have long ago given up writing in my journal due to the illegible scribble that is my long hand. the past few years would have made for some good reading and I will regret not having those thoughts to look back on. i suppose i have my memory but even that seems to be failing me in my old age or thru all the drama. drama isn't neccessarily negative but tonight i am wishing for a somewhat drama free past. tonight when i scan the postings of my name via the web, i come accross a memorial to him. someone in his High school class found out that he is dead and they are looking for stories in regards to their beloved fellow student. i sit here, at this desk and the air leaves my chest and isn't replaced for what seems like a great while. a connection to him. a connection to my soul. i miss him so much, i miss my husband, i miss nobles father. i miss sharing with him. laughing. i don't laugh so much anymore and i used to live for laughter. now when i do it seems empty and hollow. i feel fake when i am laughing. maybe the drugs will remedy that. maybe when i laugh again i will feel some connection. maybe this wonder drug will connect it all back in my brain again, but for now it seems all disconnected and although i have pretended that i have been on track for the past few years, i am a liar. my mantra has been "it's OK" well it fucking isn't ok, far from OK. i want to tell people that but when i do they run from me. i am always to be the STRONG woman. the strong LEADER. How imressed they all are by my resilliance. well guess what mother fuckers? it is fake. i am crumbling and you don't even know it or if you do, you don't care enough to say a thing. stay away and SUZY will pop back up like a wilted peace lily getting a much needed drink. i wish i could tell them that i am angry and that they too will understand my life when they watch their husbands die of cancer. watch as the man that you love dies while his baby grows in your belly. i was cheated. i was robbed and i have tried to make the best of it. i have waited for the best...it is alluding me. i just want some understanding, a strong shoulder to lay my head upon so that i can rest. i am tired of holding myself up. i am tired of running the show. i am exhausted and weary. where is my stamina in the form of a human?
