 I have had it up to here! If you want to know what my life is like today, here it is in a nutshell: My name is Claire, I've just finished my GCSE exams (thank God!) I'm going to Oxford this weekend, and I am worried, stressed and pissed off simultaneously.  My brother Martin is a drug addict who has made my family's lives a living hell for the past 4 or 5 years. He is 15 in August. My parents are separated, and my dad has a heart condition. One more severe heart attack and he could die. Martin broke into my dad's neighbors house where they live in Aldridge, and now the police are looking for him.   They have just broken into my dad's house to search for him, and my dad's landlady has just called to tell him at work, so he's on his way home to do some damage control. I'm worried because my dad could get evicted as he is only renting the house, and he has worked really hard on doing it up so it will be a reasonable place to live in. He has been looking for a house for ages, but everything that seems to go right usually gets screwed up by my darling bastard little brother, so I don't know why I'm so surprised. At last count, my brother has been expelled from 3 schools and 1 college, and he hasn't attended school properly since he was about twelve.   There you have it. My fabulous life. I can't trust anyone completely in my life except for one person, who will not be named here. She is my rock to lean on, and I don't know what I'd do without her sometimes. I'm also annoyed because I don't trust any of my other friends enough to leave them in my room when they are staying over, because I think they will look for my private stuff. My songs, my stories... I have to hide everything private in my room every time they are there, and so even though people can read this I'm safe because none of my friends even know what a blog actually is. I know I sound like a melodramatic little whiner but this is seriously what my life is like. Between me and all my friends, we have enough problems to end up on Oprah or a similar show on a regular basis. This blog will be my way of telling our stories respectively.
