 to everone older and younger than i am, i would like to say that i am sorry for the way things will be. a lot of my peers are senseless, ignorant, angry, and belligirent. god forbid any generation raises a new generation that's not intelligent as they were,well unfortunately this has happened. as i approach adulthood i look at my peers and wander how some of them could ever become productive members society, and how they ever could function as rational, inteligable adults. i see childlike outbursts of violence, lack of respect for others and athourity and an overall lack of concern for the future. very few of my peers have an intrest in anything that could help the development of our country or our society or themselves,it's not cool. i fear that our parents will be left to control the country in their old age instead of their chidren.i think that our society will becom more corrupt andviolent as time progresses making the world a not such a great place to be. i fear that the next generation will be even worse, kids having kids is not cute it's stupid, and laughing when your or your teenagers baby does something wrong is not cute or funny ,its even worse, it teaches your child to develop an unhealthy outlook to the behavior it will show to everyone as he/she grows up.to my peers learn to show a little respect, no mater how grownup you think you are shut up and listen, weall have a lot to learn. to the adults, i'm sorry that not all of us are great children, not the best generation yet, by far, also please don't try to defend your childs wrong behavior because you feel you are being personally attacked as a parent, it's o.k. to defend your parental beliefs, but be careful to check wether its your child or your pride you're defending, and also we don't really hate all of you we may be angry and do stupid things but we still love you parents/gaurdians.to the babies of my peers i am truly sorry, you will have a really hard life, your parents are probabally underprepared, and ignorant of how to raise a child.  everyone may not agree with what i've said, it was not intended to offend any of you, ut whats said is said, idf you think i'm wrong, then don't take it to heart. i may very well be wrong, i've still got a lot to learn.
