 Fourth of July: It was kinda boring for me. A few of Rachel's friends came over and we shot off some big fireworks that my daddy bought. It was alright I guess. Wow, okay now onto these last 2 days. I had to wake up at 5:30 in the morning on Monday to get ready to go to my Grandparents' house(which is in Branson--4 hours away). On the way we got McDonald's breakfast(because that's the only meal they can make that is good enough to choke down.) We got to their house at around noon. We came in and talked for a little bit, then we watched the tape of my promotion and from dance camp. Then we sat. And talked. And sat. And ate. And sat. Then my dad and grandpa went outside to unload firewood and they forced me to help them. Okay, I'm not the type of girl that goes out in the woods and loads firewood into a 30 year old Ford truck, but I did it just because I'd rather do that than sit inside and talk to my grandma, lol. When we were unloading it onto the stack of firewood that was already there, I got bit by an ant. It hurt like hell, so I went inside to put aloe vera on it. I checked my phone and saw that Kierston had called me, so I called her back. We ended up talking for the next half hour until my family came back inside and then we ate spaghetti for lunch. After lunch, Rachel and me went outside and rode the four-wheeler for a little while. Then I came back inside and called Cam and we talked until he had to go to baseball. We ate mac and cheese for dinner and then we watched TV for a little bit. Then I called Kier again cause I was bored and we talked for a little while. Then I came inside again and got ready for bed. I figured I should go to bed early since old people wake up early. The next day, my dad came in and woke me up at 9. I was soo mad. So I got up and ate breakfast, then went back to sleep till about noon or 1. My phone was dead, so I couldn't call anyone, unfortunately. We talked again for like an hour or whatever and then we left. On the way home we stopped by IHOP and I got some chocolate chip pancakes. And we got home late last night and I got on AOL, watched TV, the usual. Went to bed at like 3, woke up today at 12. Today Colton came over to see Rachel. They went swimming and she's taking him home right now. I'm sitting here bored out of my mind typing the longest thing I think I've ever typed in my life. Later...
