 Of course the first week went by... not juz wnet by but with events that made me realised that teaching is no longer teaching.  Firstly, 34 periods as a begining teacher. Really heavy. More than double when compared to my practicum dayz. But i took it in a good stride. I took it more of a challenge and I have to live up to it.  What I am even more surprised is that, I have to work more than 15 hrs a day. Is this crasy or what. The first week, the only day that I managed to leave sch early was on fri, which was to go for fridy prayers. This is because on the 30 and 1 of July, there were induction programmes for the new teahcers. Thus I was not able to prepare lessons for my coming day and I have to continue work at work at home till 12in night. This cycle stated on tues 29 of june where the teahcers had a contact time. Thus my work load on tues was carried on to wed and wed to thurs and thurs to fri. I feel unfair to my students because I personally think I could have prepared a more interesting lessons for them.  But then again when i think abt it, the induction programme could have been carried out much ealier or during the holidays when we came back for the workshop where the entire induction programme could be squeeze into one day.  While, I enjoyed my classes. I love to go to class and present my lessons and see the kids literally grwo in terms of their knowlege and moral development. Thus I realised why there is a high percentage of teachers leaveing the work force because teaching is no longer teaching. There are lots of admin stuff which begining teacher like me have to managed.   Fortunately I have a very helpful department which keep in me check with the stuff that is going ard in the school, like booking of the AVA room or the computer lab. Despite all the heavy first week, I look many new things which have kept my teahcing passion alive. One of them is the love for the students. Seeing the ability to see them grow is something I feel no amount of money can buy.  I guess i need more time to get mysekf acustome to the sch policy and work culture. We see how it goes in the second week then. Till then.. signing out wery and still hopeful.....  Begining Teacher in AMKSS
