 Apr. 22nd Sorry for disappearing for a whole month! The journey was great, you can easily tell from the pictures i added in my album. Now i'm back, fully recharged from this long pleasant break!  Maybe it's a rhythm i adopted from the repeating semester-vacation-semester pattern over time, emptiness usually creeps on me when i've been too long away from my school work (good or bad?). Now getting back to what i was doing feels super-good (don't give me the diagnosis of workaholic^^), especially with the freshness of the long sleep nights still left in my brain.  Mar 11th, I got a new camera!!^o^ The days were so hard when the great sceneries are lying there and you just cannot take them home. You won't wait long to see the best sights in Bangor!! :-)  It's now tow weeks away from easter vacation. I'm already counting the days! guess it's the same for those of  you who are in UK^^ what are you guys planning to do for this long spring break? I'm going on a trip to Scotland and fly from Edinburgh to Netherlands (again^^).  Engjoy the warmth of early spring! I'm sure you will all make the best out of your time!   Feb 29th, after over one week's  construction, this page is roughly finished. It's my first attempt to build a homepage. With the foolproof tools from Yahoo, things seem to go on well^^  Spring still feels afar, It snowed for two days, leaving Bangor covered with pure white. The land shines brightly under the sun, and the colour of sky turned from the dead grey to a clear blue, with just enough trouches of clouds. It would be a perfect sunday if i don't have to sit indoor and work out my statistics assignment...    Feb 21st, I started building this page...  Since one and half years ago, my life started to float and i've been moving from one place to another. The new places fed my curiosity and brought freshness into my life. Yet friends come and go, it's indeed too hard to keep close friends close when we are all busy moving on in our lives.  It's not until recently, when i was talking with an old friend, did i realized how little i have been sharing my life with my friends. Let this page be an encouraging start. Do come and sit for a while when you miss  your dear friend!
