 My name is Crystal  My life story is not all that good. You may not like what I say. My father left me when I was 7. After that my mom found a boyfriend named Jim. My mom and dad are still married to this day. Still to this day there is fighting . When I was 13 my dad called and started telling me what to do with my life. But I told him off and said "you was not in my life so don't try to tell me what to do". When I was 14 I lost my virgenity to an asshole I thought I had it all untill some slut came around. When I was 15 I fell in love with an asshole again  He gave me a ring on my birth day. I did not know I was being treated by my boyfriend at the time. I was being treated like a dog. In my life I feel like I lose everything I have ever loved. Most of my family think I'm not ready for the world but I know I am. I'm sorry to my family for doing bad things  I'm sorry to my best friends for being for telling the truth. Some people don't like the truth most people don't Like me because I tell the truth.  Most people think I'm just like all the outher girls but as you can see I'm not. I'm just lost and crazy in this world. I feel like I don't belong in this world and know where to go. So I'm thanking my boyfriend for helping me trust again and I love him. I have two sisters ones name is Carolann I love her so much but she don't think that I am smart. She thinks I am going to fuck up my life just like she did. My sister Jill lives far away from me and she is lost and confused I have nothing nice to say about her. I have one brother named Garold but hes gay. Most peolp think that I am a slut but I know the truth thats all I need and if I was a slut you would know it. Just because I got the body to be a slut dones not make me one. And just because I had two boyfriends live with me does not mean I am a slut I was just looking for the guy that I am with now.  And just because I hate geting up for school does not mean I am going quit. And just because I don't talk to you for a week does not mean I am out going to fuck up my life.   ~Thank you for reading this~   Crystal Leeman
