 Should Social Security be run by the government? Is government good at doing that sort of thing? When I attended a student meeting with one of the chair's of the Fed (in NYC) he said that there are two things that the US has to worry about economically in the future. The first is the trade deficit turning over and the second is the retirement of the baby boomers. Now I read your (MWS) post to Joe Crow about SS' funding till 2040 but the best estimates I can find (the only economist I can find who says otherwise is Paul Krugman from the NYTimes, so maybe I'm off base since he's a superb economist) state that under the pay-as-you-go system within a dozen years the retirement benefits mandated by current law will exceed SS payroll taxes. So we're talking about tax increases within our (or at least my) lifetime (Fortune article called it The $44 Trillion Abyss).  Now, as you mentioned earlier, any serious student of human nature has to look at the world realistically. When you put a social safety net (just like free health care) in place, what's gonna happen? It will be overused...that is human nature unless people are given a clever incentive to do otherwise (I leave wiggle room here in case I’m forced to recant later). People are going to plan on using it, not everybody, not all the time, but those guys on the margin of making a decision on savings will tend to take this retirement benefit into account and, god forbid, plan on it. The system is going to HAVE TO handle the stress from the poor and disabled AS WELL AS the free riders. Now, that's not say that SS is altogether bad, socializing some costs is important, but the pay-as-you-go system is totally ridiculous! You get one guy who knows about accounting and one guy who knows about demographics in a room together and they'll tell you something's got to give: either taxes go up or benefits go down or a little of both. Maybe another variant would work better, but the most libertarians I meet get annoyed when their children’s futures are being taxed away before their eyes.  Sorry about the length—I’m getting my own thoughts in order and I’m not as concise as I’d like.
