 I've got to go watch my favorite television shows, so I'll be brief.    As a conservative, I'm more than a little fed up with the liberal bias in the media. Disgusted isn't really the right word-I'm disgusted with the blatant anti-Americanism of the flag-burning war protestors, I'm disgusted with the self-absorbed corruption at the UN-but the media bias...it can best be compared to a child singing an annoying song, incessantly, over and over again. They're AWARE that they're injecting bias into their news. They're AWARE that it's wrong. However, they're not going to stop doing it...because on one level, the annoying song-singing child enjoys singing the song, on another, it enjoys annoying the people around it. Eh, that's the best comparison I can come up with on such short notice.   Perusing the internet a couple of years back, I came across this wonder of wonders: THE BLOG. Conservatives around the nation had taken opportunity of this new miracle of technology to protest the liberal media. Good for them.   Since then, both the media and the celebrities around the nation have turned up the heat on their criticism of Bush, all the while proclaiming that there was a 'chill wind' of repression silencing them. Such sheer pretentiousness on their part served to give me a headache for a few hours, but nothing more.   However, they've begun to go to far. They've gone beyond the realm of 'bias' into the realm of 'propaganda.' I realized this after I was able to deconstruct the basis of a Time magazine article ('How we got Homeland Security wrong) with a calculator, access to google, and no more than five minutes of my own time. When something like this happens-when a trusted and widely read magazine starts putting out bullshit that can be disproved with eighth-grade research and math skills...well, things have gotten pretty bad.   Instead of sitting around and bitching about it, I've decided to throw my weight into the fight, by starting this blog. Whenever I can, I'll point out liberal media innaccuracies. Whenever I want to, I'll write opinion pieces.   However, unlike the mainstream media, I'll be honest with you. This Blog will be replete with right-wing bias, ranging from moderate to, as the media would put it, 'extreme.'   Thank you.
