 Sometimes I have a crazy notion that runs through my head.  It's actually more like a recurring question that puzzles me at odd times and places but usually when I see some otherwise taken for granted ingenious invention.  For example, it happened this past Sunday as I sat in an Emergency Room waiting area (a friend had been bitten by a dog...) as I watched the automatic sliding glass doors.  What a wonderful and convenient invention.  A sensor detects your presence and opens the door.  Then it hit me...What would Benjamin Franklin think of that?   I think of Ben and what he would think quite often when I hear the telephone ring, see airplanes in the sky or cars on the road.  Just the idea of electricity (that covers lights, the radio, television, motion pictures...The list is endless), the concept of the internal combustion engine, the physics of flight...  Just think of how much fun it would be to tool around with Ben showing him all the things we've manage to create.  Can you imagine explaining how man has walked on the moon?  How would he react to hearing that we have a satellite circling, capturing data, recording it and reporting back to Earth from the planet Saturn?  We have come so far and have so much.  Ben would be very impressed with everything...   That's usually when another of my recurring thoughts hits me.  He'd be impressed with all the gadgets and inventions but eventually he'd see what kind of society we've become.  He'd be appalled by our lack of education in light of all the technological marvels.  Sure, it took a smart person somewhere to figure out the concepts of the new technology...But look what we've given up in return.  For all our efforts we have people that can't read and write...People that don't have or use their imaginations...People that can't think for themselves...People that are happiest doing no more than mindlessly doing nothing.  Our Great Society has become stupid, ill mannered, uncaring and lazy.  It's a shame really.  And I'm certain that Ben wouldn't like it...
