 Hi you, this is me. Me, this is you.  Now that introductions are over, I'm gonna give you a chance to get to know me. Don't screw this up, or yknow, nothing will happen. I think I should point out that this is my first blog ever. and it's something I decided to do on a whim at 8 o clock on a Sunday night after I basically got fired from my job.  Oh, did I pique your interest?  Well if I did, here's what happened. Yesterday, I called in and told them I would be picking up my two weeks notice, this got miscommunicated as "Hey, I'm quitting right now" and as I went in today, I was asked "Didn't you quit." Anywho, to make a long story short, I ended up in a mixture of quitting/getting fired.   Im fine with it, I have to start school in a couple week anyway.  But that's in the past, and Im sure no-one reading this is interested in my past, only what might future might hold, and exactly where my present lies.  So here's the present: I'm a guy. I have a girl. Me and said girl just got gerbils on Saturday. The gerbils names? Cactus Jack Daniels and Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves. They're outlaws! :)  I am unemployed as of today and going back to school in a couple of weeks. I've never been especially good in school, but not because I'm dumb. It's because I've never decided to go through the effort of doing anything in class, or at home for that matter. I guess that is pretty dumb. For what it's worth though, I ace all my exams.  The girl, y'know, the one I was telling you about before? The on with the gerbils, well, she is my love, and my everything. You'll definantly hear reference to her later in my blogging adventure.    I have just decided that I should change names to protect all of the people involved in my eccentric adventures, y'know, don't want to leave all their things laying about for their mom to find now do we?  I'll decide on names later, but i think the gerbils will get to keep their names as they are. For now however, Jack and Robbie are making a lot of noise, so, I'll post what I have and go attend to them, maybe I'll write something else later.
