 You wanna know why this girl looks how she looks?  Well this poor little girl was forced by me to talk with me  for more than an hour.  Hmm you wonder why I did this?  Well lets start with the background  Since Simon (a class mate of mine) invited us to a grill party, this became a tradition. The photo was taken at such a party and me being very drunk started  to talk to every girl telling her such great things like  "You're the horniest in our gradates!" or "You can run but I'll  always find you"  Well for this not being embarassing enough I looked for a victim I can talk to for longer time, well there she was!  This time I was in love with a chubby cheeked girl named Karen. Luckily my "conversation partner" was the best friend of her. So the conversation was only about how Karen and I match together.  You can imagine that me being very drunk said things, which I had better not said.  Finally I can only say that I don't remember all the stuff I told her, but my opinion about relationships and what is important in such relationships were the best things I told her, because now everybody knows what a horny  guy I am with my 17 years.  Well this evening seemed to be a turning point of my imagination for a  relationship with Karen, because later she wanted to clear some things, between me and her. This resulted in a telephone conversation for about nearly two hours. The only thing I can conclude from this session is that she is an ecological cunt, who thinks that she is something better than others.  One reason, which lets me conclude so is that a friend of her told me that Good-naturedness was the only reason why she talked to me.  Well I didn't knew that every person, who talks to me is just good natured. I don't think that conversation is a thing of Good-naturedness, because if so the world will get egoistically and it will become a privilege to talk to someone else.  Sorry but here it seems that sombebody stayed too long in the broad sunlight. Maybe she planted too many patches, which is what she does right at the moment :D  This is it for now, I hope you enjoyed reading this and I hope I could give you a small view of my life.  Greetz
