 Labour leaders more often than not tell us how they will "die in the Party". Blair said that he wasn't born in to the party but he will die in it. I now know that this is a very useful device for making people rule out the idea of ever leaving Labour and it's a phrase that sounds good, and it's one I've copied and used myself for dramatic effect. But when it came to it, when this War criminal leader decided to throw in his lot with George Bush, stayiong in the Labour was not an option. What should have been the most difficult decision I've ever had to make (after 10 years flogging my guts out for it)  leaving the Labour Party was not only an easy decision but essential. How could anyone stay in a Party that stains itself in the blood of thousands of Iraqi civilians, dropping cluster bombs on them against the will of the UK and International community, against the UN, against the Law and for George W Bush, Rumsfeld, Cheney - Financial and War criminal one and all - and with the Tories, Berlusconi, John Howard, and Aznar.  We couldn't even be bothered to count the bodies. If anyone stayed in the Labour Party after Abu Graihb I wonder what they joined the Labour for in the first place. If it wasn't for justice and for an ideal that may or may not be obtainable, at least it was aspirational for humanity. I can't even begin to list the sheer number of crimes against people, society and democracy that this Labour Party has been responsible for and every single member is to blame. Your money has paid for a montrous, election winning machine that believes in privatisation, War and inequality. All the talk of saving the Labour Party from Blair is to miss the point. When a Party becomes part of the problem it doesn't deserve to survive. The dead children in Iraq will never be brought back. A new leader will not be able to lessen the personal pain I feel knowing that by helping to elect this Labour Government I also have blood on my hands. The Tories would never have got the votes in the Commons to conduct such a filthy War. Only a Labour Party wilting at the feet of it's Leader could have pulled this off. I will never rejoin the Labour Party and stand shoulder to shoulder with people who justify slaughter in such an ignorant detatched manner. My new pledge is that I will die outside the Labour Party.
