 So.... welcome everyone! Yes... after reading many people's online journals, I have decided to start my own online journal.  Today, nothing happened today. I woke up around noon....pretty early for me. I had some ice cream for brunch. My sister needed to go to NOVA to drop off some work to her teacher so i decided to tag along. It was a pretty scary experience; In order to make her 5:00pm deadline, which was thirty minutes away, she sped down the highway like a mad woman. But we made through it.  Afterwards we went to Blockbuster to rent Kill Bill: Volume 2. Normally I despise Blockbuster and I would never support them, but I got coupons in the mail for $0.99. So I finally got the movie and went home....really exciting.  My mom wanted us to clean the house from top to bottom and we promised here that we'd do it. The hours went by and we hadn't gotten to it yet. I pop in the Kill Bill DVD instead. I thought it was pretty good, but i have to admit that some parts were kind of random. My sister was confused the whole time...she usually doesn't get movies like this.  After the movie was done, we realized that it was close to midnight and we hadn't started on any of the shit that we were supposed to. We do a lot of cleaning and finish up around 1:00am.  I apologize for this extremely boring entry but my sister insisted that I start my journal today and nothing interesting or exciting happened.  Oh yeah....I got my senior pictures in the mail today! It actually turned out pretty good. Now I have a dilemma because the slowasses that were taking the pictures took over four hours to do their job and I had to go to work so i left before I can take my outfit pictures. So now i had to reschedule another day so i can finishes the pictures. I don't understand why i have to go out of my way to do have another appointment when those slutty whores at LifeTouch fucked up.  I'm excited because in two days I am flying down to Nashville. I haven't been there since the Christmas holiday and I can't wait to see my family. On that same day, the twelfth of August...it's my birfday!  AGAIN....sorry for this really boring entry and I promise that it will get even spicier!  AND CUT!
