 "When exactly do we go from being kids to being just people, I'm not sure. I do know that it's not about turning a certain age or graduating from school. It happens when you're not paying attention. We go from playing with our friends to playing with our friends' feelings. Without our knowledge or onsent, childhood slips away in the night and our innocence escapes us and we wake up one morning to find who we are."      it makes no sense to me. this all seems so confusing. our parents tell us that we aren't doing what we're supposed to be doing and that we are going to ruin our lives if we do this or that, when in fact they did it themselves and they turned out just fine. there's a ton of people out there that do drugs. i know what they can do to you, i mean i work with people at the Baker's Treat who are trying to get over what they have done to themselves. it not news to me that you can get addicted and that its bad for you and what not. i no this seems weird for me to be talking about but i have a point.      as most people know, i live under a rock. i don't go out all that often and when i do, my mom has to know everyone that's going and has to make sure that all the parents know exactly what we are doing. it's craziness. tomorrow i turn 16...friday i get my permit...a year from friday i will have my license and will be able to go out whenever i want to...or atleast i should be able to do that...but knowing my mom, i wont be able to. i don't see y i cant go out and just do what i want to do without being questioned. i've never been to a concert because my mom thinks im gonna get raped. im not allowed to go to parks with my boyfriend because she thinks im gonna have sex in public...yea like that's gonna happen. i actually do have morals...lots of them. even though i have borken like half of them but that doesn't matter...my mom doesn't trust me or my friends. she's in for a rude awakening my senior year...and probably this year when my friends all get their licenses...      if my mom thinking im gonna go out and get high and drunk she is wrong...i might do that once or twice but that's it...haha..but i dont no...i probably wouldn't even do it...i just want to be trusted for once...
