 I had nothing to say about this writing. It comes suddenly in my mind but it also because something has happens during that day.  I know what I am, who am I. I can’t be myself even it’s me somehow. Confused rite?? I want changing. I want to change my life.  This day something happens. For the moment I want to screammm.. and cry but I can’t. Why?? I forget how to cry anymore. What’s wrong with me?? Why I can’t overcome myself. It’s that fear that I scared. You asked me what the hell do I want?? I don’t know anymore. I just like normally people, want everything. But why I can’t?? Is that my fault?? Am I that boring?? But I supposed I also have that kind of chances right??  Flash back. We just met a few months ago. I thought we could be a good friend. But now I realize that just a dream, sweet dream. I am just realizing that there is no chemistry between you and me. I never enjoyed when I with you. Is that because of the chemistry?? I think yes because no matter what I say, what I do it’s wrong in your eyes. Am I really that clumsy?? I wonder do I really look like that?? Why I can’t overcome myself. It’s that fear that I scared. Can I let go my fear?? Oh God, I never asked you anything. I just want to be loved. Is that wrong?? Am I asking too much??  Oh please someone tell me what am I supposed to do. I am also a human too. I need love and loved someone. Do I have any options left behind?? I think answer of all this question is giving me a time to change. Change into what?? Do not ever dream that I would ever beg you to come back or kneel on my knee. Tell you I have my pride and I won’t let you pity on me. No matter what, I will survive. I am not asking you to come back I just wonder.. Have I done something wrong??  You once said that I am too kind. Is that wrong to be kind?? What’s wrong with that?? I don’t understand. Is that making you sick?? And I want to know what’s wrong to wear mask and to be somebody else who is better than me. Even it’s not me but now its parts of me now. I thought what the most important is just do whatever you think is right. I don’t care what people say about me. Let them say anything they like. Makes them happy. Or are they jealous with me?? I wonder.. Outside I might seem perfect and happy but don’t judge the book by its cover. No body’s perfect so am I. So what do you think of me now??
