 i just bought a home hiv test kit from drugstore.com.  actually two.  and a bottle of wet platinum (that's stuff's yummy.  makes any session of self-love feel like you're 14 again...  but maybe that's not a good thing.  hm...)  of course, i didn't really NEED two tests nor the lube, but man i'm a sucker for bargains and i saved a whopping three cents for spending fifteen times more than i intended to.  i'm a bargain shopping stud.  the package arrived yesterday at work but i didn't want to prepare my blood sample in a shared bathroom stall.  so i thought i'd do it after a rigorous game of bowling.  and you know how much bowling gets the heart pumping and the body ready for blood sample extraction!  you basically have to prick your finger on these little plastic apparati.  of course, i was too afraid of getting pricked, so i couldn't get enough blood out of my middle finger from the shallow wound i created.  so instead, i doubled the pain by additionally having to prick my ring finger to get enough blood to fill this circle on the sample collection card.  okay, okay.  it really wasn't that bad.  i've learned to type with eight fingers quite rapidly.  no, really.  it's a lot better than getting blood taken out of your arm.  that's for sure.  the last time they did that, the nurse bruised my arm and it hurt to masturbate.  i knew i should have given the nurse my left arm...  but i'm really one big fuck up.  i just got tested a month ago.  but since then, i fucked this guy bareback and then got hit by a flu that came out of nowhere.  and this guy i screwed apparently is allergic to latex and doesn't always have safer sex with his partners.  and did i mention i already have a boyfriend?  i can deal with fucking up my own life, but when i start affecting other people's lives, i totally feel like shit and deserve more than just a couple of pin pricks on two fingers.  i can't even be straight about it.  here i am recounting my home test kit experience with witty embellishments to hide the fact that i'm a complete failure.  i can't bargain shop, i can't prick a finger, i'm a cheat, and i can't even honestly post an anonymous blog.  but at least i saved three cents.  and got free shipping.
