 they say the best things in life are free.  i am inclined to believe whoever "they" are, though it's more like i NEED to believe them.  i'm starting this blob as a means to chronicle my struggle with the green, i.e. marijuana, and to begin putting words and images to this struggle--and maybe find some like-minded folks out there who too find themselves slogging through life, highly functioning, gainfully employed, well liked and quite intelligent but with an insatiable love for pot.  it's a complicted process, to be sure. my relationship with this drug is the longest relationship i've had--just about 15 years now--and it's waxed and waned in it's intensity but it's always been there when i needed it, keeping me as distant and untouchable as i wanted or needed it too.  i've used it the way some use alcohol--as a means to loosen me up in crowds, or make life just that much more interesting.  i've used it to wake me up, to clean my house, to grocery shop, to plant a garden, walk the dog, surf the 'net, drive long distances.  what does a pot smoker look like?  there is no one face.  i am not a deadhead, i am not a fan of jam bands in particular, i have a master's degree in creative writing, i have held a directorship for five years, a committed relationship for seven, i am published, own my own home, my truck, my life. or maybe the latter is not correct. my life is owned by something else, and it's kind and green and comes in so many different and amazing strains.  how did i get here? is it worth the struggle to get out?  if i wasn't such a comparative (as in i am constantly comparing myself to others, holding up the mirror, measuring the lack) junkie, i wouldn't flail so much in the face of quitting, because i know so many others who seem to get along just fine with this particular substance, using it recreationally and not worrying about it.  i get angry.  nobody likes the word addict. it seems so mealy and ugly.  what does an addict look like?  does s/he look like me? would knowing make any difference? i know you're out there.  i know you hear me, you of the family of the green.
