 So, this is the first time I have ever posted something. Been thinking about a lot lately, so this might seem to be pretty random.  Things are changing all around, but I don't really think any of it is really going to make much of a difference. Out with the old, in with the new. New managers to work with at work. New owners to work with at work. Everything is new at work, except for me and what I do. Show up, talk to agents, managers, publicists, local bands, local press, etc. Book shows, promote shows, settle shows. It's almost getting to a point where I feel like I am going through the motions. I don't get as excited as I used to about bands. I'm probably just a lit bit jaded, but I hate booking shows like W.A.S.P., and ICP and all that other crap. At least by booking these shows, I get the resources to book the bands that I like. Just take the good with the bad.  About to be an uncle for the first time. Pretty excited about that, but I'm kind of scared for my sister. I just hope that she and her boyfriend are able to raise the baby together. I think it would crush her if he ends up leaving. I know that it will all work out in the end, but I have a feeling that it might be kind of a rocky road.  Been thinking about life and love a little bit too much lately. I really miss what it's like to be in a relationship with someone. It's been two years now, and I still find myself thinking about the good times I had with Colleen from time to time. It's not that I miss her, I think I just miss the idea of having someone like her to have around. It's nice to be able to see someone everyday and not get sick of them. Someone with whom I can share my thoughts and feelings.  On a similar note, I think it's time that I start taking care of myself a little bit more. I know that with my personality, I will always want to go out and have a good time. In turn, I think it's time I get off my ass and start trying to be healthier. Thinking about giving up meat again. We shall see. I know that if I manage to lose about 30 lbs, my confidence about my appearance will be a lot higher. Probably would help with the idea of trying to date again.
