 I haven't written any diaries or any other sort of it for a long time.. Not since my last relationship was over a year ago.. But the pain and hurt and unsecurity I feel right now are just too much for me.. It's been overloading and ready to explode.. I need to let it out somehow.. I just can't let it out to the person that actually needs to hear it most..  I don't understand why I'm always in this kind of relationship over and over again.. Why am I always with a man that has no future.. It's always "no hope-no risk-no commitment". I don't choose whom I fall in love with.. But it's always men like them..  The man I'm with now is the perfect example of my stupidity.. He's younger than me, we have nothing in common, he's too goodlooking, and not ready for a serious relationship.. I knew that from the very beginning. But somehow, I still let myself to fall in love with him. Why the hell would I do that? Doesn't my brain tell my heart what to do? Is there no connection at all between them?  I've trying to give this man everything.. I thought somehow I would melt his heart and make him fall in love with me.. Oh, I sound so pathetic now.. But now, after 9 months together.. Nothing has changed.. He's still and will never be the man I want him to be.. He make me feel so unsecure.. Especially when it comes to other women. I'm a jealous girl.. He knows that. And it doesn't stop him to get in touch with hix ex's, keep their pictures in his laptop, looking at other girls when he's with me, cooking for other girls and invite them to come over.. If he already has me, why would he do that, right? And what the hell am I doing with him until 9 months? I can't walk away from him.. I wish he copuld change someday.. Somehow.. I don't understand why he's doing this to me.. Does he realize how much he hurt me?  I don't know why I'm typing this.. I should be talking to him no and break up with him.. It would be so much easier if there's no love. I don't want to lose him but it's killing me everyday from all the pain he cause me..  The answer to my problem is so clear. Why can't I just take it? What's wrong with me?
