 Hi there.  I don't plan on telling anyone I know about this blog spot. Fuck it. I have been on an eating binge since Friday.   On Friday I ate mushrooms and had an awesome time hanging out with some people I am just getting to know. It does seem however that I am not going to be hooking up with one of the girls like I had hoped.  Which makes about 31 times in a row for me to fall into that gray area called the friend with no benefits zone.   I am going to be a dick from now on.  Not that I feel like a dick but I don't want to be disappointed  by some shitty friendship where I get to hear some girl cry about her exotic exboy friend.  Fuck him.  That pillow biter. Fuck her.  I cover the tabs and she knows why.  Once a month she might pretend she wants me over after he neglects to call her because he is getting it some where else. And God forbid I summon the courage to bust a move.  Even on an eight of strong mushrooms I can't put aside my cowardice and at least offend someone with my rotten cigarette breath kisses.  I had gum.  My trip lasted way longer than everyone else and she clearly did not want me to even sleep on her couch but I couldn't just up and drive home, i was seeing 8 of everything and they were all melting.  I did feel bad wandering around the tiny apartment zapped out of my mind while she slept.  I did bug out at the beginning of the night.  There were about 45 minutes to an hour where I could not bring myself to say one word.  I think everyone else was starting to think that either I was retarded, angry with them, or even more retarded.  Lucky I did break out with some good material and get some good laughs.  So did my friend's cousin,  she also had some funny moments.  I keep sending weird text messages this girl.  I even called her and left a message with the excuse that I couldn't find my wallet just so she would call me back and tell me it wasn't at her apartment.  but to most people this probably isn't a new trick.  what is wrong with me.  why don't girls like me? Fuck friendships.  I will never again establish another plutonic friendship with a lady.  I don't care who beats her.
