 ok...this summer has been hella boring almost everyday! well thats because i left mai home (Guam) and yeah didnt have anyone to kick back with =( o wellz. well yeah im kinda glad im not there because wen i was, i had so many problems with mai group and not to mention guys but yeah i had alittle problems with mai guy friends...which really sucked,but i also wished that i was there too because i miss everyone! all mai friendz! just hopefully that we keep in touch. But yeah i feel like talking bout "some" of mai problems.. ok umm..lets start with mai so called "group" we had so many arguements this whole year...which i didnt like umm...alot of us had problems with eachother like me for example umm yeah i know that all of 'em have problems with me...ok? i dont think im making any sence...anyways yeah here was a big problem..One day i met this dude and yea we wer all getting close and everything...so yeah all mai attention went on him insteat of mai friends which i still feel bad about. I started kicking back with him and yeah doing everything with him...having fun en yeah...mai friendz got pissed because i wasnt spending time with 'em and yeah i was almost leaving here at washington so i felt really bad as hell dude. so yeah they wanted me to stay away from the dude(sorry i dont want to name names here) and yeah there's was no way i could do that i mean he was like EVERYTHING you want in a guy...sweet...caring...loving..and everything. so it was hard. we both didnt like the idea but it was for mai friends so yeah i had to do it. but anyways we didnt kick back for a while which really sucked! but yeah i had all mai friendz lecture me and everything and it wasnt nice. ehehe but yeah everything got ok after words and yeah i got to kick back with him agen...which i was so happy about! but yeah then the day i was leaving came...it was such a bummer! well some of mai friendz came to mai house to say goodbye because they couldnt make it to the airport...and yeah so did "he". i gotz a twetty from mai bestfriend and an elephant from him...he sed he had it since he was 10 i think. so i sed mai goodbye's and yeah now im here and i mizz 'em all!! mai life is ruined now! mai life was perfect at Guam. well i still keep in touch with mai friendz i call them every now and then. and yeah just wish that they wer here!!!
