 This will be my first time to write something on the net that would be available for "public scrutiny"...but what the hell...im not even sure if someone is really interested with some dorks' unending rants and bitching...  so lets start off....  i will be calling this entry as "Here's where the stories dont end"....i dont know why im even calling it as is...but i think we will surely find out by the end of this enrty...or not....  a couple of months ago i was logged on to friendster...(yes im doing friendster....sue me!!!) and there was this picture of some chick with the perfect stereotype look of an "emo" girl...so i got curious...and as i read her profile..i cant help but think if this girl has been reading "how to look 'emo'" on SEVENTEEN...coz shes got it all going...the black nail polish, the black shirt...what have you....and im not exagerating here when i say that evey line in her bio doesnt fail to have  the word "emo"...i will surely admit i was appalled by this girls' image she seemed to be forcasting through out the internet....so i directly sent her a message containing how i was mortified by her audacity...i was on a mission to brutalize her and strip her down to her bone...i told her she was a poser....well...i didnt say it directly...but i was leaning into it...who the fuck listens to coheed and cambria anyway and calls themselves emo??? lo and behold, after a couple of days i got a reply...she was arrogant...i was arrogant...but i wont let this slut get away that easy... she wrote things like she is emo..that she listens to emo, sleeps emo...breathes emo...and all that one dimensional perception bullcrap....so i mabe a comeback...i wrote things like everybody feels...and what the hell is emo anyway??? i even wrote that emo is a brand that corporate sluts made just to categorize music and sell them to mindless twits....then again i didnt say it straight faced...i was just leaning into it :)....a couple of days later i got a reply...this time she changed her user name from something like emo gurl to "what is emo"...hahaha...fuck you bitch!!!! this time she was asking me if i think she is a poser....hahahaha...i sure did!!!! but i am a kind man....hahaha....i told her that she is the sole judge to her own self...and no one elses'...but everybody knows thats bullshit!!!! BITCH!
