 Well tonight things finally came to a collapse. Erika has finally decided she can't try and hold on to what we have had going for over 3 years. After a long talk on the phone, and her broken down in tears, many kind words exchanged back and forth, a little bit of laughter now and then, but mostly silence, trying to decide what to say. She has decided to stick with Troy because he is there for her, since i live 8 hours away. My heart was broken, after 3 years of keeping it going. I will cherish the last time i saw her, only 3 weeks ago, driving 8 hours leaving at 1 in the morning on a spur of the moment to go see her because my parents were out of town. Spending a whole day, and night with her was the most amazing thing i have ever experienced. After cuddeling all night, and falling asleep, we woke up early in the morning, and both started getting closer. Eventually, we ended up making sweet love for the first time which is the most amazing thing i have ever experienced with her. Only a few hours later i had to go home. Then, tonight, i found out that the big pit i was feeling in my stomach the other night was true. This past weekend she went and did it with Troy....I cant explain how i felt. I know they were dating but i was shocked. We talked some more, trying to work things out, but you know it doesnt work out that great. Both said a few things we shouldnt. She wanted to try and get rid of our emotions for each other, she said all her stuff, then i asked her if she really wanted me to say how i felt, and she said yes. After a long time of me talking, she was shocked of how much i really felt for her because this was truely the first time i was able to tell her i dreamed, and wanted to marry her someday. But, i was too late. She is with troy for the past couple months, if only i could have told her sooner my true feelings, but i didnt; now i am too late to care for her, she said its over forever. Hopefully i will still be able to talk to her. Night ended with a long silence, i could hear her crying in the background, a long silence, and the line goes dead. I am dieing, and really need to talk to her, call once, twice, 5 times, 7 times, 4 voicemails later, i give up, give one last call to tell her sweet dreams and have a good day at school. Then i head to the gym to try and work off some of what this night has brought. I have decided to write down the Soap Opra we have had for the past 3 years......
