Me and my brother cannot stop fighting
This is DAILY. I'm 18 and in college, he's 15 and in high school. My mom works like 6 days a week and is barely home except for in the morning (when he's already at school) and at night (comes home anywhere from 9-11pm). 

He's nothing but a spoiled brat who gets everything his way, and we have to share a room in our condo which seriously sucks. I get 0 privacy and I'll be trying to do homework and he'll blast his stupid gaming YouTube videos and refuses to turn it down. I'll go downstairs to do it and he'll end up coming down 20 minutes later, and it's an ongoing cycle.

He gets really mad and throws a lot of fits and I seriously think he's a psychotic freak. He was yelling at me and throwing a childish tantrum a few months ago and one of the neighbors called the police, but they never came to our door. Since then, he still hasn't learned his lesson and STILL continues to throw these huge fits when he doesn't get his way.

We've had a rough past, and he doesn't realize that since my mom is always working that I'm basically the one that's in charge around here. I'm not bossy, either, I am completely fair. But since I've always been the one to do everything, he's used to sitting on his overweight ass all day playing video games. Now that I'm a full time college student, I don't have time to do things around the house that I could before. He refuses to do anything including even fixing his bed.

I tell my mom ALL the time to do something but even if she does, he'd throw a fit. I seriously think he just needs to be put on medication because his behavior is very VERY out of control.

We've been arguing and fighting so bad daily for the past year or two and it's just getting progressively worse. I don't know what to do. I seriously would move out right now but that's not an option as I don't have time to work a full time job and take 17 credits while paying for schooling AND rent/utilities/gas/etc.

It's just becoming such a toxic place to come home to that I just stay at the library or starbucks because I dread coming home because I know he'll always start something, but even when I do come home it's always yelling and fighting even if I bite my tongue and stay silent. 

He DOES NOT LISTEN!!! He thinks HE'S in control. If he were my child, I would've taken every possession he has (iPhone, Xbox, etc) and made him sit in his room all day being forced to read a book and learn to respect people older than him! He talks back to my mom A LOT, and the thing that makes me mad is we won't even do anything to him.

I know people will be trying to say, "Well maybe don't try to boss him around" but the thing is I DON'T. I'll just be like, "Make sure you clean your half of the room" or "Be sure to take the dog out" or "Make sure you unload the dishwasher".

I don't know what to do anymore. I think I'm gonna force him to go sleep in the basement because I haven't even gotten a full nights rest since summer and I feel like I'm starting to get depressed. Every day he's always calling me names, and it gets so bad that I have to call him something back in order for him to even realize what he's saying to me.

I'm just so over this and this extra stress is seriously making me feel nauseous trying to balance school along with it. I've tried talking to a few people about this, but all they say is, "Awe it'll get better". WELL AT THE RATE IT'S GOING NOW, IT WONT. I just don't know what to do. It would be a lot easier if I had my own room so I could get a quiet space for privacy and alone time away from him. 