Should family be more than this?
I’m 24 and no kids and my family is just like everyone else’s around me; broken.

My dad is sometimey and has kept few promises he has made to me. In the end it’s not him being bad that’s the problem, it’s that he says the problem is ME. Like with men I have talked to in the past, they can only say what I’M doing wrong not listening to me and claiming I am crazy.

This behavior with my father led me to cutting off all contact late last year. My family, his side, otherwise see nothing wrong with his behavior. The issue is ME. I’m expecting too much from him.....like if he says he’s coming to our city (he lives 30 mins away) and I get upset when he doesn’t show and he’s done it just about every time. Or even when he claims he’s coming to get the dog he left with my uncle (left him there a year ago claiming it would only be for two weeks) he just lies constantly.

I was raised around my family growing up. I didn’t see my father but I saw his side of the family, cousins, aunts and uncles. They may have lived states away but we always spent summers and holidays together.

At this point my family on either side rarely see each other. We have family reunions that none of my cousins attend, all too busy now that their grown.

At the end of the day I was told this;

I’m an adult and my father has nothing to do with the things I’ve done in life, or nothing to do with the guys I used to talk to that led to constant rejection and overall cynical view on love (getting sperm donor at 28.)

I should be grateful for times spent with him, five minutes should be the best in the world (he’s so self absorbed I’m only worth five minutes every few months)

I have no right as a child to threaten him if he wont leave me alone for good.

I don’t see why I have to live like this, I suffer from depression and constantly beatbox myself up over every mistake I make. I’m unhappy, I’ve been getting better since getting rid od him and focusing on the family that actually has time time for me. 

A family shouldn’t just be there for emergency. A family is thinking of others before themselves, loving one another enough to know them. Am I really expecting or demanding too much?

Am I just mad because yet another man won’t do what I want?