Is it me?
Hello. This is my first time posting here. 

  So the other day one of my friends texted me, saying I think she's dumb and that she demands respect (this is a month after I just hung out with her; everything seemed fine). She then accused me of insulting her and the school she goes to. I insisted that she took what I said out of context (for example she said I think her major is easy. I never said this, I said it wasn't math focused. Plus she herself said she is having an easy time). She constantly asks me if I think she is intelligent and I always tell her she's smart in her own way like everyone is. Anyway, I said sorry and have a good holiday but she didn't reciprocate and just told me to watch what I say and not to tell anyone she said this.

  This isn't the first time this kind of thing happened. One person I know just hates me (quote:"*** hates you and everything about you. He just does.") and I have no idea why. Sometimes he's cool, other times he ignores me (he has pointed out that I'm light skinned black and he's dark so apparently I'm treated better; eveb if that's true I am not responsible for that). Another person hated me for reasons unbeknownst to me (excluded me from group chats and gatherings, made this known to others) and now I'm told they love me (largely made up with this person but I never knew why they hated me to begin with). I'm extremely confused by all of this. 

  Now I'm a guy who was known as the smart, quiet kid in school with a lot of knowledge. Occasionally I'll let people know my opinions and they'll get a kick out of it. However, I really made it a point to be polite to people even when I disagreed with them or didn't like them. Most people I know say I'm genuinely kind or polite even to the point of being boring.I go out of my way to refrain from cracking mean jokes or speaking bluntly because I know it'll offend people. I try to balance the thoughts in my head and the words I speak (isn't this normal?). Most people at my current school say I'm very nice and friendly. Am I doing something wrong or are people just being bad/weird to me? 

TL;DR: I tend to get people who hate me and I don't know why; most people say I'm a kind and logical person.
