I don’t want to lose friendship of 10 years but I think it’s going that way
Hi guys,

I don’t usually do this but I literally feel like I have nowhere else to vent.

Ok. I have been friends with this person for 10 years since we were teenagers. We both clicked over time through going to the same school and I really liked her personality. We ended up going to college in the same city so during that time we sometimes hung out and I let her stay over at my place a few times when she needed to. After graduation she’s spent some time living in other countries teaching and we have kept in contact but not as much, though we have met up when she’s been back.

So the last time I saw her in person was when she was on a break from teaching 3 months ago. Since then we have occasionally talked but it’s been me sending messages more than her. The last time we Skyped was 2 months ago and last time we had a proper conversation was a month and a half ago when I asked her for some advice about a trip I was going on. I then stopped messaging her for a few weeks as I didn’t want to bother her if she was busy. Started messaging again but just sending a few pictures of my trip and seeing if she wanted to talk. She saw my messages but didn’t reply. So I left it another week - I sent her a few messages today but again she was online and reading them and no reply. I have tried not to bother her if she’s busy and have stressed to her that I don’t want to bother her but she has just gone silent on me since late January and it’s basically been me trying to initiate conversation with her and her not responding.

The thing is I am racking my brain and trying to think what I could have done to upset her - if anything, and I can’t think of anything. I have questioned whether I’m getting ahead of myself but then not having her around makes me miss her and feel hurt that she’s suddenly decided to stop talking to me for whatever reason. The thing is I have been considering what loss it would be for me to not be friends with her anymore - It wouldn’t be easy for me as she is one of the only few people I still speak to from my school days and we could relate so much to each other. 

But if for some mysterious reason she’s cut me off and no longer wants to be friends then what can I do? I basically sent her a message saying I wouldn’t try contacting her again voluntarily and left it at that. I feel like I may never hear from her again and it really hurts. But what can I do? If something isn’t there anymore then it’s just not there.

- A 20 something year old female who is tired of petty childish bullshit