Unsure how to talk to friend about something they're doing, or well, not doing. [Advice]
First time poster in need of a bit of advice. Sorry this'll be long.

So basically, I've been having a bit of an issue with a friend of mine, we've been friends for around 3 years at this point and everything was great! We'd talk every day and hang out around once a week/2 weeks depending on schedules and [my] kids schedules etc.  Then about 8(ish) months ago, she got a new boyfriend, and of course I'm really happy for her, she deserves all the happiness! 

Thing is though, over the last 5 months, there's been a steep decline in conversation between myself, said friend and another friend.  Friend #2 and I have been making ALL the effort to make plans with friend #1 and we're getting almost nothing back.  We'll text her and we'll not hear anything for days, but she's on Facebook or snapchat posting pictures of her and her new boyfriend, and when she does text back, it's a totally one sided conversation. Like I'll ask her maybe "how have you been" and I;ll get a page of text about how she has been with BF and what they've been doing and at the end it'll be "okay, I got to go, bye!"
If I don't specifically ask her about her baby (who I adore, she's like my niece) I don't hear about her, at all. It's all about BF.

Recently, Friend #1 and I didn't see each other for just over 3 months! (did I mention she lives 20 minutes away from me?) No matter how many times I asked her over, offered to go to her house, offered to take her to coffee etc, either the invite went unacknowledged, or she wanted to spend the time with her BF. 
At that point, I was a bit annoyed but, I understood that people have lives and sometimes things just don't match up.
However, the reason I'm looking for advice is because, after not seeing her for 3 months and talking to her only a handful of times, she hits me up and asks if I can watch her baby so she can go out with another friend. (who wasn't even going, she took her BF) 
I said yes, as I know how it is to want to go out and not to have a babysitter, so my husband and I watched baby over night for her.
The ONLY thing I said to her was that I had plans the next day after 1 so I needed her to be back before then. (spoiler: she wasn't!) So I couldn't do my plans and asked friend #1 to stay and hangout since I hadn't seen her for so long. 
In the 1 hour(!) that she stayed, she called my sister (who I had plans with - we were meant to take my youngest out for his birthday, because friend hadn't come back yet, my sister took him out by herself) a freak!  She said 3 times "imagine not waiting for you!" 
I said to her, we'll it's because you weren't back and she blamed traffic for being 2 hours late...

On top of the main incident, there's been an incident where she brought a stranger to my house (after I told her I didn't like strangers in my house or around my children) and expected me to be okay with it!  She dropped the bomb of bringing this stranger to my house 15 minutes before they arrived and told them I didn't want them there so they felt awkward! (I did try really hard to make them feel welcome, and thankfully the kids had plans so they weren't put in the situation)

The advice I'm seeking is  - A. How do I talk to friend #1 about this without coming off as bitchy or upsetting her.  and B. Should I keep being friends with her?   I don't like to give up on a friendship, but I feel like she only wanted me around when she wanted something from me. 

Any advice is welcome, even if it's me being weird or whatever.
Thanks guys.