Calling me a bitch as a form of endearment not cool
This was a great friend of seven years. We had so much in common and a few things not in common. We met in our mid and early 20s (im being 5 years younger). We met on a the job years ago.

Well five months ago when she was stressing about her day...

Listen bitch our manager gave us more rules....

Time froze like huh? :/😨
Also I'm 30 shes 35.

I let it slide since I thought maybe that was a mistake. Maybe she was so stressed out?

Well it didn't end and got worse...

Everyday she leave me text messages, and recordings updating me of her life and each sentence I was called a bitch.

Listen BITCH....
Yeeees BITCH.....
Then this BITCH at work....,but you get me BITCH....
I told myself, BITCH you need to hit the gym 
( Yes at times she called herself a bitch which is fine.)

Lucky for men they'll never get called bitch by her. 

I made excuses for her saying maybe it's a temp phase. 3 months in I told her I don't like being a bitch every sentence positive or not. She said this how her and her family always talked. I thought I known you for 7 years...never heard of this. Then she continued to talk and yup calling me a bitch. 

I continued telling her to stop at times. Other times I just tried to ignore. 

One month ago she texted me that shes working with a nurse who is a woman who has a grill in her mouth.
And how cool she thought that was. And how she hopes to become a nurse someday with a grill.

I had to catch myself....to me grills look ugly on men and worse on women😝.
I faked it like....yea...um cool... :/

Well a 5 days ago I got fed up. I told her 6 days ago calling me a BITCH 50 or so times a day must stop!  

We never had a argument...maybe a few disagreements.  She went off and was pissed I didn't want to be called bitch for fun. I told her I'm not a dog in heat! I told her my name and that I'm  a girl or woman hell even calling me a female is nicer. She said shes not about that girl power or that feminism crap! 

FYI...shes actually into feminism and don't know it. I would love to be a house wife,take my voting rights away and I love dresses. Shes willing to support a 3rd world man soon,talk about how if she gets a great degree she can support her man lol.

I felt myself at the time great sadness here she was going off at me for not wanting to be called a bitch. She then says her family call each other bitches alllll the time. 

After she went off....she went back to talking about how she wants to go to school. I never felt so degraded and disrespected.  I decided this friendship ends. I'm very nice, and consider how others feel....she basically treated me like a door mat. 
Next day I texted her I'm not a dog. Not into being called a bitch daily and I no longer can do this. After I texted that I blocked her number asap. 

It's crazy about 3 or 4 months ago. She was mad that when she called a coworker a bitch instead of saying girl or other friendly terms...she caught that coworker talking about her warning others to stay clear of her because she will call you a bitch. She called me about it all mad. I told her I actually understand that girl....she completely ignored my remark.

I plan on changing my number soon...maybe. 

But I do feel better that I don't have to hear that hood talk anymore. 

I was her only friend. Hopefully she can make new friends who don't mind being called that daily. 

I have friends and recently by mistake made a new one. New one is like me and we respect each others boundaries.  I like that shes another race as well,so I can learn her view of things. 

Yes just glad it's over. Now if I'm called a bitch it's a insult :)