Ending a 6 year friendship over her husband


I [24F] am not sure how I feel about my friend’s behavior [28F] and I’m considering ending our friendship because of it. A little backstory, I’ve known her almost 7 years. We met through our boyfriends (they’re our exes now) and we used to do double dates and a lot of couple-y activities like roller skating or sleepovers and things like that. She and I stayed friends despite the break-ups with our boyfriends at the time. But our friendship has been a little rocky because of her busy schedule. She usually works 40-60 hours in any given week and she even lived in another city for 18 months so I didn’t always get to see her or hang out as much as I would have liked. But we’ve kept in touch through social media. I’ve always expressed a desire to hang out more, like doing road trips or daycations or local activities like concerts but she’s either too busy or financially strapped to do it. So typically we either see each other on our birthdays and that’s about it.

The problem I’m having is that she’s married to this guy she met 4 years ago and I’ve been single for  5 years. I have a FWB [25M] who I’ve been in a “situationship” with for 18 months. I kept that a secret from her because it’s not a real relationship and I’m not sure if it’ll ever become one. She’s met him recently through a fluke of bumping into each other while he and I were out at a store. Ever since she became aware of his existence, she’s been pressuring me to plan “double dates” like going to the drive-ins to see the new Star Wars Movie or coming over to their house for Redbox movies and dinner. I already told her that’s not really the type of relationship that I have. I’ve mentioned the idea of all 4 of us hanging out to him casually to see if he’d be interested but he doesn’t want to do it.  When I told her that I rather she and I just go to the movies together or girls’ night over at my place, she said she can’t because she wants to spend time with her husband when she’s not busy working. I feel like she’s not really going to spend time with me unless I give in and do “couples” activities.

I just feel like she and I are in such different places in our lives and have different values when it comes to friendship that it'd be better to end it now than to continue trying to spend time with someone who doesn't seem to want to do things just the two of us. Is it wrong of me not to want to be friends because of this?

