I didn't want have to post this, but I have to get it off my chest (I don't expect to get sympathy from this, but closure)
I have a cousin, who i've known for 13 years, and over time... He became more and more distant, he got friends, most of them were verbally abusing me, you would think he would defend me, but he backed up his friends, than his own blood, me

growing up, I was (and still to this day) an introvert, and I never kept a close friend, because they would either stop talking to me, or they would say that they don't like me

and for the 3 years that I have known his friends, they eventually got used to me, and we played online frequently, and 2 months ago, they disapproved of me getting a GTA Shark Card (in game currency) then they insult me saying I need to grow up, and mature, basically telling me how to run my life, and I tried to stand up for myself, but they still kept saying it

Its my life, if I want to act silly, then I will, but the main focus is my cousin, and how he was brutally honest, you know how we hype up our friend to make them feel good about himself/herself?

That's not what he did, every time we play online with one of his friends, he would agree and add insult to injury when his friend makes fun of me, in games... He would tell everyone to go after me, in CoD, he would tell everyone to go to his lobby because he's the "leader"

but the sole reason I'm making this post, was the fact that he did one of, if not, the RUDEST thing ever, here's how it went

it was my sister's birthday, I was texting, and he said that he's coming to the party, and I'm pretty happy, a smile stretches around my face, I say "OK cool, :)"

an hour passes by, and he nonchalantly says, "welp sorry I can't come, oh well" and I ask why? And he says I don't know, now usually, most would tell the reason why can't come, or if they don't they make up something, but he all of a sudden says, I can't come

I want you keep in mind that, the last time I was in his house, was 4 years ago, and he has only came over for my birthdays or sometime in the fall, so he RARELY comes to my house, and I'm not even allowed back at his house, because of personal reasons

but anyway, he couldn't come to my house, but has time to go to his friends house WHENEVER he wants... Gee? I wonder why? -_-

he did what no other friend should have done, and hurt my feelings all in one fell swoop.

I'm done with him, but if he asks for forgiveness, should I ignore him, accept his apology? I'm not expecting an answer but whatever....