Asian parents, jealousy, what to do?
Hello I am an asian american son trying to help out my family. My family from Vietnam moved here 5 months ago and have been living together with my Mom and Dad. I no longer live at home, and couldn't live at home if I wanted to because of the space and my relatives here for the first time to America, which is fine with me. I recently found out about drama going on at home, it involves my mom and dad and my female cousin.


About one ago before my relatives moved here from vietnam, something had happen to my great aunt , she had given advice to my mom about being careful about her husband and any woman in the house. What had happen to my great aunt was, she caught her husband trying to cheat with her niece. I'm not sure if they actually had an affair or whatnot, but just warning her to be careful about this type of situation in the house. I really feel like it was unfair for my great aunt to put these thoughts in my mom's head because why do that? Especially when they are about to come and move in and start a new life in America.


So back to the drama, my dad has been super stress out calling me, telling me that he is unable to handle the situation anymore. He said my mom thinks he is looking at my female cousin in a inappropriate way. She happens to be 19 years old. My dad just thinks this is crazy, he works 2 jobs (15 hours a day) trying to pay mortgage and pay all the bills. My mom doesn't work and stays home. My dad has been calling me saying he only is able to sleep 4 hours a night because every time he comes home from work, my mom is always giving him a ear full, and hes to the point where he can't take it anymore and thinking about just continuing to pay the bills and living somewhere else. I tried to talk to my mom and want to be completely open minded about the situation, she just tells me that I dont know, and she can tell the way he acts at home. Her reasoning is, she just can tell by the way he looks at her. She said she knows that he won't ever take it that far by cheating, but its her being jealous which is causing all this drama. 

In the house consist of my female cousin, male cousin, aunt and uncle. Also my other aunt and uncle and my mom and dad. its a pretty full house, and my parents have been arguing every other night. My aunt called me tonight trying to keep the peace in the house and calm down both sides. My female cousin and her family has no idea this is going on. But most likely suspect something because of the arguing between my parents and im afraid they will find out whats going on soon enough, which will be really embarrassing. I feel like my mom and dad need marriage counseling, or my mom needs to see a therapist, but being asian they don't believe in these types of counseling classes and will be very hard to get my mom to agree to do something like this.  

  ---   
  **tl;dr**: What can I do to help out my family? I'm not trying to take sides but I really don't think my dad would ever cheat on my mom. Every time I try to talk some sense Into my mom, she always ends up getting mad, and saying everyone thinks I'm crazy but I'm not. They have been married for 30 years and my dad has always worked two jobs his entire life to make sure all the bills are paid, that we have food and shelter.