Communicating is hard
I'm turning 19 this year and I want to move out of my family's house in September. Mostly for my studies, but also because I simply want to move out. I already tried last year but they found a housing for young girls managed by nuns, so I lived here for a while, but I felt uneasy the whole time. 
I'm heavily depressed and I had to drop out of school this year. My parents told me to come back home so that I could recover, which I did, but they don't approve of me going anywhere else to do so. For example, I feel really good in my boyfriend's family (he doesn't live with them anymore but I'm still very close to them) and wish to spend more time there, but my parents don't like the idea of not being able to give me the kind of comfort I need and find over there, so they'd rather have me stay home.
I have spent as little time as possible in my parents' house recently, using every opportunity to get away, and it is understandable they don't like it. But I have always been a solitary kid, and now with my depression it became worse. I don't connect with my parents or any of my 4 siblings, and spending time with them feels like a chore. Communicating within the family is quite rough. And whenever I do try to explain how I feel, it becomes overwhelmingly clear that I'm in the wrong. It feels like whatever I say about feeling bad within the family is deflected by stating my parents and siblings' good intents. I'm sure they do mean well, but I now doubt even my own reasons for wanting anything but staying with them. I can't identify the reason why I don't feel easy with them, because they're all trying their best to help me through those tough times. I feel like an ungrateful brat. 
I'm not really confrontational either. I usually obey and agree to avoid stirring conflict, but this is getting tiring. 
If any of you has been in a similar situation, how can you open the dialogue? How can I tell my parents I don't feel good spending much time with them? In my family, direct family should come before everything. I also don't know how to talk about moving out and have a studio instead of being placed in a student housing, especially since my big sister (25) still lives at home despite having a job. It's not a matter of money either. I come from a middle class family and the housing my parent chose for me this year is much more expensive than a studio. Any advice would be welcomed. 