help with friends/roommate situation
I have been trying to be friends with my roommate for months, but recently noticed she uses me. I always invite her to hang out, I do all the cleaning, I bake her food, do sweet things, helped her when shes throwing up, taken care of her, and overall have been called an amazing roommate by others. She's never once said thank you or has reciprocated, and my mother and a friend called it into my attention. I was fine with it (sort of), but I really wish she would have maybe wanted to be friends. But like I said, its fine you can't force people to care back. My problem arose when I introduced her to my bestest friends because she was sad and lonely and heading down a road I was very familiar with and didn't want her to go through, and she proceeded to "Steal" my bestest friends. I only say the world steal because she doesn't try to be friends with me and talks behind my back with them and has thoroughly excluded me from my own friend group. I'm just so angry and can't talk to her, she has permanently damaged my friendships because she literally always hangs out with them now, and has just kind of shoved me to a curb. I find it extremely inconsiderate because this year has been really rough for me because I was lowkey depressed for medical reasons and a tough break up, and she knew I was lonely and super super happy when I made my supposed close friends. She is so fake with them, it doesn't make sense. For example, one of my friends was going through a rough time and I was helping him get through it, and my roommate tried to butt in and help him too after meeting him like once. Yes, reader you are probably thinking to yourself, what's wrong with wanting to help people? And I would agree with you, there isn't anything wrong. But the thing is that she lacks consistency. She only tries to help when it is beneficial to her. Helping people is not in her personality, I spent months and months sobbing and upset and she would just run away and turn a blind eye. Why care about my friend who I had taken the time to bond with and gained trust with? She literally had met him like twice?! I think I forgot to mention that we are both female and all my friends are male and she didn't have any male friends before this and she was upset and lonely because of an ex...sounds sketchy af to me.... Point is, I haven't talked to her in two weeks, I just can't hang with my friends anymore, and everyone thinks I'm the bad guy. I myself don't know if I am the bad guy, my close friends from home think I have a right to be upset..am I the bad guy for being upset? What should I even do at this point? 
Some people told me I needed to find better friends since they don't take my feelings into consideration, but I don't want to be that bitch that is like you have to choose friends...I'm conflicted with that because loyalty in friendship is very important..idk please help I'm just so sad and mad 