How I'm coping with the end of a friendship...
I'm writing this partly because I find it therapeutic and partly because I'm hoping it'll help others.( I have self-proclaimed good coping skills.)

So, my XBFF didn't do anything [i]to[/i] me. There was no defining moment. I just decided that (as much as I love her) she doesn't compliment my life anymore.

She's having a few relationship issues. As a married woman, I empathize with her. However, over the last 6 months she's started to get a little... Crazy. 

I'm a very blunt and controversial person. Always have been, always will be. I keep an IG account full of controversial and offensive memes. Some people like it, some people don't. Anyway, I've been going through a rough time myself so I cope by posting passive-aggressive memes. Every single thing I post she takes personally. It got to the point in which everything I said or did (online or in the real world) she somehow thought was about her. It wasn't. It got to the point in which I was afraid to speak because I was afraid she'd take something the wrong way.

Anyway, she went an entire week without speaking to me even though I sent her multiple texts. Maybe this was the moment, but I decided that I will not tolerate that type of power struggle. We're adults - you don't get to ignore someone because you don't like what they're saying and that's always been an issue with her: if she doesn't like what you have to say she comes up with delusional explanations as to why. Basically, she can never be wrong and if you think one negative thing about something related to her, she'll freak out, accuse you of being jealous even though she's the one not actually happy. The negativity is starting with her.

For example, we tried to book a trip together. We've been trying for years and they never happen. Finally, I just told her that I'm no longer interested in planning trips with her because she's not willing to accommodate my demanding work schedule. Now, she's the first to admit her job is shit and it's been a huge source of insecurity for her, but when I tell her that my job doesn't allow me to book off as easily as hers (she works cash and doesn't really have a true job) she'll freak out and accuse me of putting her down. No. I'm stating the facts: You can book off your job easily. I can't. That's not me putting down your job. That's me telling you why I can't tell my boss on Friday I'm leaving for two weeks the following Monday.

(This is just one example, but they all pretty much follow the same context: Something TRUE she doesn't like about herself is brought to attention and she accuses you of being a bad friend.)

After a week of being MIA she decides to text me. No. It doesn't work like that. I'm not interested in what she has to say. So, I tell her to get over herself, not everything in the world revolves around her, etc. Of course, she thinks she's completely innocent and that all she was trying to do was explain HER feelings and I tell her I'm not interested. Again, it's not always about her. She did not once seek clarification about ANYTHING I said. She jumped to random conclusions and just assumed I sit here and think about her. In the end, that's what frustrates me. I just can't be friends with someone who thinks everything is about her.

In sum, I just decided to protect myself. 