I guess I’m done with her? Or is there something wrong with my attitude?
So, in the Literature class, we did a practice exam paper and we had a peer assessment.
One of my friend had my paper and it turns out she graded mine the lowest in the class.
The teacher was actually surprised on her harsh mark and said jokingly ‘Hey, he (me) did all right. Isn’t that too harsh?.

Later I approached to her to ask what was it that she gave mine a low grade.
Then, she rants out all the things I’ve done wrong, but she spoke so fast that I couldn’t quite catch all of them.
And I became a bit angry at her attitude because
1. She spoke so fast (so I couldn’t quite catch 30% of her points) which is likely to be intentional so I’m startled before I can argue back.
2. Majority of her points were about that I lacked explicit points, but the teacher ticked all the points and said they were explicit enough?

So, I said back to her ‘Hey but the teacher said the essay was all right’
She scoffs and says:
‘Yeah, write like that in the real exam and you will totally pass. Who are you kidding?’

Now I wouldn’t really complain if she actually gave me valid constructive criticism,
but she spoke so fast (likely to be intentionally) and most of her points came from simply her not reading carefully enough..

BTW, she actually achieves better grades than I do and is clearly smarter than I am. Not trying to be boastful, but in this Literature class, I really think it’s safe to say that I get better grades than her most of the times. And, she’s not a teacher. What the hell does she know better than the teacher to say things like that, especially when she gets lower grades than I do most of the time???

Besides, she really always says rude things in front of someone’s faces (and many many times in front of my face).. and she’s sometimes in her own world and can get really arrogant and cynical.

I guess I’m done with her right? Or is there something wrong with my attitude?
I regretted a couple of times being friend with her in the first place, and now I really see that there can be no good staying with her.
And, I'm in my final year before graduation... I feel quite embarrassed that I'm complaining about this kind of friendship problem and I know I should be focusing on studying, but thinking about this gets me angry every time.