Trying to start a dialogue with a friend and seeing it blow up in my face
Hi Everyone, 
First off, thank you to everyone here. I've been a long time reader but never posted. This is yet another post regarding a friend and the problems associated.

Basically, me and this guy have been friends since college, we're both in our mid-30s and entering into the next phase of our respective lives. We've always had a contentious friendship, many fights, many core disagreements, and often general dislike for one another. The solution to dealing with this has always been along the line of this: it's R, and he's an asshole, so what can you expect!

So the story in question goes like this... we're at a mutual friends wedding and he goes out of his way to ignore me and my gf, now my fiance, coming over to the group we were with and asking a question to a couple people then leaving, also practically walking by us without saying hi. It was only until I said something that he acknowledged us, which set my fiance up in flames. A few weeks later we got engaged and I texted all my friends, including R, individually with a semi copied/pasted message. It was short and sweet, but 100% honest. He doesn't reply, I left the country for vacation, and I never got his text. Turns out he did reply but more on that in a minute. 

I was upset, I sent him an email that was part deconstructive to our friendship, partly selfish, but also completely honest. I told him my feelings, how I contemplated why he didn't respond but ultimately decided that i didn't care and that I didn't need someone in my life who was going to treat me that way. By telling him these were my feelings and repeating that I wanted him to realize I was upset and I wanted to open a discussion. I never said directly "I don't want you as a friend" or "you're not invited to my wedding" but that is what he took from it. I wanted to open a dialogue, but he got really upset and angry. Also turns out he did respond to my text, a week later and said that the original text never sent, but that since his wife is pregnant he wouldn't be able to make the wedding, which is completely fine with me because the wedding is in another country. I just hated his response, it was cold and not something a friend should send to another friend regarding a wedding.

I called him out and wanted to make him see that by my standards he was not acting like a friend, but also neither was I. I had not put much effort into the friendship either. But I did say that I wanted to say these things rather than say nothing with the hopes that we could find common ground and build a foundation for something to grow in the future, which he completely ignored. 

I honestly have no idea what to do. I fear he is going to turn all our mutual friends against me, and I don't know how I am able to handle that, or if I can even handle that. My life is in a great place, but my friendships are shit, and that hurts more than I could ever imagine. To put more on top of it, his wife was having issues with a pregnancy, which he said were serious. But I heard from a mutual friend that he said she was fine. So I don't know how to react to that. I honestly don't know where to go from here. My fiance, my rock, my saving grace, is unfortunately traveling for work this month and really crazy busy. She owns her own business so it's important for her to pound the pavement and get sales, so I really don't want her to be burdened by my own bullshit. 

I can send anyone the email discussion in a PDF if you want to read it. Hopefully someone can help.