Did I do the right thing?
Hello,reddit.First of all,I want to begin this by saying that English isn't my first language,so please do forgive me if I make mistakes here and there.
Let's get straight to the point: I'm in highschool,10th grade.I've known my ''best friend'' since 1st grade.Y'know,it was that kind of nice,pleasant friendship,I was always there for her,she was always there for me,even travelling togheter,laughing with tears,told me many times that I'm her only ''true friend'' etc etc... and everything seemed to be alright...until she got a boyfriend. 
She started to ignore,even get mad me me as to why I don't text it first..well,why does it matter so much who texts first? Seems like a childish thinking in my opinion.I told her that I can't be the only person that talks in this friendship,so she told me she'll text me first.She never did,but I saw it coming anyway.
I realized that for her, it did not matter whether I am next to her or not.She is  so apathetic,almost to the point where it hurted me.But I decided to let go,focus more on myself,study more,read more,invest in my own hobbies and so on,so forth.As I was doing these,I started learning more things about myself,discovering things I didn't know about until now.And all of these happened,because I decided to leave her.She noticed this behaviour of mine and actually started talking to me,but it wouldn't matter anyway because it was an endless cycle.All she sees now is her boyfriend,I think the only reason she goes to school is just to see him,nothing else.
As I look back at our past [which is,kind of,sorta tragic and I don't want to into detail],I realized that I was the only one who truly cared.I always cried for her,I wonder if she cried for me,at least once?She blocked on me on our social medias for the stupidest reasons [She thought I was annoyed because she was talking too much about her boyfriend] and somehow I was but I didn't want to show it..but what did she accomplish by blocking me for almost a month,anyway? Couldn't she talk to me about it,at least? I told her in the most sincere way that I missed her very much through that period of time and even started worrying,crying in the middle of the night.Her response was short and dry,as usual.
I got fed up,starting to blame myself because I always accepted all of her bullshit.I broke our friendship,leaving her confused and perhaps angry at me. [I just started ignoring her and she noticed this].
Did I do the right thing? We haven't talked for almost 3-4 weeks.