Friend Abandonment Issues
Hey Reddit. Im having some friend issues. I(M33) have a friend(M34) who I was close with for years who now seems to abandoning me. We met each other 10 years ago. We hit it off and would casually hang out with eachother. He was new to the city so I ushered him into the fold of my friend group.We both had similar tastes and sense of humor. It would work out good and we would have a great time. After a couple years he totally cut off contact with me and those friends. I was confused but didn't mind so much then because I wasn't super close with him. I was confused but not hurt. A couple years after that I reached out to a bunch of people because I needed help moving. I was pretty desperate and couldn't afford movers so I reached out to him as well. To my surprise he responded and came and helped. I was so happy he offered to help and was happy to see him again. After that, we started hanging out again. I asked him what happened and why he broke off contact and he shared with me things about being depressed and hanging out with other people. It felt I little strange but I accepted it and carried on being his friend again. We both moved to a 'big city' through our jobs and work and would meet lots of different people and introduce each other to new friends. We would periodically check in with each other and see how each other are doing, even if we couldn't hang out for weeks on end. We were in a band for a while, threw parties and events. We both went through break ups with our long time partners at different times, and helped each other out in that regard. We basically became 'close friends' and expressed this to each other. Then I introduced him to a group of old friends of mine who recently moved into the city. They all began to hang out with him and it was all good. He even hooked up with one of those friends and have been together for years. I too found a partner I have been with for a a couple years now.
Now, over the past couple years he has began to hang out with all of those friends and much less of me. He hardly ever reaches out to catch up or hang out. Months will go by. I try to reach out and stay in touch with him but he does not reciprocate. I had been dealing with this over the past couple years now. I finally called him that I feel a little hurt and that it feels like he doesn't reach out or try to stay in touch- or care for that matter. His response is "I'm just too busy" sort of answer. I can also see on social media that he does hang out with other people- mostly the friends I've introduced him to. I feel really hurt by this. I don't understand why he all the sudden doesn't seem to care about me. I don't feel like I have any good friends I can go to anymore. Other close friends have done the same. I have had other friends that I became pretty close with who later I feel like started to treat me like they were 'too cool' to hang out with me anymore. I start to feel less respected and cared about. I'll ask them about things they're doing in their lives and won't be asked the same questions in return. When I do put forward information about things is my life I feel like they're less and less taken seriously or completely indifferent to it.
Here's the other thing that confuses me: Some of these friends years later come out of the blue- if I run into them or they start commenting a ton on fb post and act like nothing happened and sometimes they are eager to hang out again. It makes me feel like all the sudden I've done something cool enough, or are hanging out with people they are interested in and want to join in. I don't know whether to ignore them or try to let things go and be friends. My fear is that if I do, we may become close again and they will just do the same thing.
Im very confused why this happens. I don't know if I'm doing something to encourage this. When I say 'close friend' I do not mean calling every day or even every week and sharing every aspect of each other lives. Close friend just means some one you can talk to every once in a while, and who checks in to see how the other is doing. Is that asking for too much? I feel envious when I see how my girlfriend has couple good friends she talks to about her life and issues. I think it's healthy to have close friends other than your significant other you can do this with, I just don't understand why I can't hold close friends. Any advice would be welcomed.
As a side note: since this has happened with my 'close friend' I have tried to widen my net and reach out to other people to hang out. I am becoming extremely exhausted. At age 33 now, I feel it is so difficult to try to hang out with other people. I feel like I do all the reaching out and it's making me feel extremely bitter about friends and relationships. I understand about casual friends, networking, or friends that are united around similar interests. I just get frustrated when that is the only thing that holds people together. I wonder- is that a symptom of living in a big city where everyone is trying to 'make it?' I think that, but then I'll hear about how some other casual friends keep in touch with each other still and give each other life advice etc. and just feel frustrated that I can't keep consistent good friends like that. What am I doing wrong?