Close friend suddenly turned cold
I have a friend who's had some mental and anxiety issues in the past. We generally chat online, although we've met up in real life a number of times, and talk on the phone sporadically.

They have an issue with trust. They believe no one cares about them and that every friend they have will eventually leave them. So fairly insecure. They are currently attending therapy (have for a number of months) to help them with their anxiety. They are meditating etc. 

At a certain point I stepped up and decided, 'Okay, if they truly believe this about themselves, that people always leave them, I'm going to be the person who doesn't.' For the record, I know of a mutual friend who did push this person randomly out of their life—so as far as I know, it's not a lie.

Anyway, I stepped up because I thought this person was pretty special and intelligent. I loved that they were passionate and outspoken and unique. Over time, I developed some feelings for them too but more a great love as a friend than anything too romantic. 

Anyhow, we grew close. We shared many things, pretty much every day, although I believe she feared that she was abusing the friendship because I would try and reassure her a lot. She asked for my advice, and I gave it without thought. When she was upset, I tried my best to calm her down and express care. When she needed a boost, I gave it to her. She was worth my time. And she did the same for me. Because she was going through a hard time in general, I did all this because she was who she was.

Then...we had a couple of fights. Nothing horrible, and we supposedly worked through our problems but...I've been having my own issues recently. After the last fight, where we talked everything out on the phone and she expressed the qualities she liked about me, as a friend, and how she was afraid that doing so in the past had pushed people away...well.

Now, she's cold and distant. Not 100%, but there's something sincerely off, enough to notice. Phrasing that you wouldn’t use with a friend, let alone an acquaintance. I have years and years of examples to the contrary and I’ve asked a therapist friend to have a look at the differences as well. She’s definitely changed; it's definitely not just me.

Supposedly, she’s looking after her mental health. I can see how having a person there to always reassure them may lead to this person not being as eager or able to rely on themselves, but we could have worked this out. I would have supported them through it. My support was enough up until three weeks ago when something quite major occurred and upset them. Now, I get ‘Well, I suppose that’s very kind of you’ when I express concern for how she is and ‘How do I know that you’re not rolling your eyes?’ when I express that I care and ‘What possible use could I be to you’ when I tried to give her a little advice and express that she's important to me too. These are all usual parts of the conversation and nothing out of the ordinary from my side.

Her manner and actions are a huge backflip, because less than a month ago she expressed how important and vital my friendship was to her because she—definitively—knew I cared about her (and suspected others didn’t). She also stated that she was going to be a better friend. Now I hear ‘I need balance in my life’, as if it was a major issue to be close to someone. The two things—better mental health/developing more of an ability to take care of oneself *and* having someone close to confide in—are not mutually exclusive.

I’ve lost a decent amount of sleep over this because the support was reciprocal, so it feels like I've lost a large part of my support network. I’m looking for any opinions on what I should do here, because I’m hurting and it’s already been a bad time (of which this person is aware). I've already asked them twice what's up and the question has been turned on me both times, as if I'm the one with the issue. 

I don't want to cut them off because they really do mean a hell of a lot to me, but is that all I can do here? I've tried to just back way off for the moment and see if they realise what they've done on their own.

P.S. This is a six-year friendship. Did not just evolve to being close overnight.