My family is breaking apart (need help)
So im a teenager aged only 14 , i live in Greece, my family was having issues, (my parents) started ~ 2015 and the real reason causing it was that my mother is working at my school as a cook , and a guy who finished his university ( i dont know what's called) of cooking  , he came to the school to work as head-chef , my father paranoia began at that time , he posted on facebook a post from my mother's profile tagging the cook and typing like this guy is my new boyfriend and stuff like that , my mother would never do that to my father, my father always had side-chicks beside her and he was being disloyal even at their marriage, also that head-chef was about 22 years old and my mother is 40-43 ... well lets go the main thing ! At 2017's March my mother's only brother (sibling in general) past away from heart disease and next month my father found this as distraction may i say to begin saying that my mother is a wh@re and is going to the school so the head-chef f@cks her.... its so sad guys that this guy left the work at school 3 months before that , he went to almost everyone he knew to characterize and judge my mother as a wh@re. Literally to everybody... well my mother shutted her mouth and stood back not resisting (i dont know how to describe it well) and actually let him come back to our house at approx. August , hm it went well shall i say for sometime but all of a sudden he left the house and went back to his paranoia .. he found a gypsy woman which he has relationship with now ( she is fat and ugly) , i managed to crack his facebook account and we ( me and my mom) got into his conversations with that "lady" and we found really smuttile stuff , there was things about v@brators and m@sturbating and really sad stuff in there .. my mother now has depression and she is so stressed (she considered suiciding actually) ... now that gypsy is controlling him and shes taking his money and she's trying to seduce him away from us , she's ridiculing him in public (cafes and other places). I really want my family back together what can i do as a teenager to dissociate that woman from him !! Give me real answers (im mentally grown-up besides my age) i can do things and i want to DO things!