Roomie read a text I sent about her on another friends phone
So I'm gonna delete this right after but I kinda fucked up bad... I'm a 24 yo female btw living in an apartment w 4 other ppl. Ok so I came home from a stressful night and one of my roommates was drunk af, I left to go see a friend for a bit and when I returned there was a pot of mac and cheese sitting on the stove with the burner on high and no one was around... turns out drunk roomie started cooking then abandoned it there. What annoyed me more was that it was my mac and cheese she cooked and burnt. I understand we get drunk and we take our roomies food... it happens ok, I've done it (rarely) but yeah it happens. I was mainly annoyed that the stove was on high and left unattended while she went out partying! If I wouldn't have come home it could have started a fire. SO me being the idiot I am, I sent a text to our other roomie just explaining that I was a bit annoyed that our other roomie left the stove on and was also using my food wo asking. It wasn't shit talking in my opinion, as the text legit said.. "I just came home and _____ left the stove on and burnt food and left it there and it was also my food so I'm a bit annoyed" Me and said roomie had been talking earlier about how we were a bit annoyed she came home so drunk and loud. I legit just said I was a bit annoyed bc she left the stove on and used my food. But I wasn't like incredibly mad I was just venting bc I know I'd get over it in an hour and just tell her tomorrow not to leave food unattended or ask if she'd like to take some of my food.... SO here's where im dumb.... my other roomie left her phone in the kitchen and the message must have popped up or the other girl was snooping through her phone and saw it.... she then proceeded to text me bitching me out and sending awful passive aggressive texts. I remained calm and mature and just explained that yes I was a bit annoyed, but I didn't send the text to be malicious or shit talk, and that I wasn't mad at her. She turned it all around on me and now I'm left feeling like the mean person. The only person I normally vent to about friends is my sister and no one else.. I don't like "shit talking" but everyone gets annoyed and needs to vent from time to time. It's healthy to get it off your chest and I didn't mean for her to see it... also it wasn't a mean text or anything....and also she was the one to disrespect me so I feel I had a right to be annoyed, though I shouldn't have sent that text but it could be a lot worse ... WHAT DO I DO NOW. She's so mad and ignoring me. Ugh. 