Questioning the legitimacy of a friendship (very long post)
Alrighty. Buckle up, because this post is going to be long. There's gonna be a lot of information tossed at you, so if you're feeling like demolishing a massive wall of text, read on.

A couple years back, I got my first real job. It was great. The people, the work, everything. I become friends with a waitress, which is kind of usual seeing as I've never been able to make friends with a woman before and she's a bit older than me, but that's beside the point. We hit it off as soon as we start working shifts together and talked constantly. She'd occasionally ask me to come out to eat with her, and on a couple occasions we did and both had a great time (as far as I could tell anyway). She'd also suggest that her and I should get together sometime and hang out with another waitress that's she's friends with.

A few months in, my parents discover my friendship with the waitress and immediately assume the worst, e.g. I'm only friends with her for sex/drugs/alcohol, all of which aren't true. They couldn't seem to grasp that we could be just friends despite the age gap. They eventually believe that I'm telling them the truth, but not before one of them calls my boss and tells him that the waitress and I are "dating" but I'm too stupid to know it. This puts her in some hot water and she tells me about it the next day. My parents continue bothering me about the friendship with my coworker. 

In spite of this, nothing changes between the waitress and I. We still have a great time talking to each other, and I even stay at work for hours after my shift ends to talk with her. Two weeks after my parents find out about my workplace friendship, I turn 18. Suddenly my parents don't care about who I'm friends with anymore, saying that I can make my own choices now. I tell my friend that she doesn't have to worry about my parents being involved anymore, and life is good. She also tells me that she's looking for a roommate, and asks me if I'm interested. Over the course of the next six months, she makes several more offers to hang out with me and her waitress friend, only it never happens. The dates never get nailed down, or I just never hear back from her after I express interest. I chalk it up to forgetfulness or a busy schedule and leave it alone. 

Thanksgiving rolls around. I tell my friend that due to pressure from my parents, I'm going to have to quit working and find a full time job. She's sad at first but is still determined to spend time with me despite the fact that I'm quitting. I start my new job and hear nothing from her over the course of two months. This isn't unusual, seeing as we never communicated outside of work before, but I think it's a little strange considering that she was so determined to spend time with me when I said I was quitting.

I stop by work on my day off and she nearly knocks me over when she comes to give me a hug. This is completely unexpected by me because even though we talked a hell of a lot, we never really had any physical contact. She tells me how much she's missed me and had no one else to talk to, and if I'm going to the Christmas party at the end of the month. I hang around for a few hours while we chat and leave when she goes to her other job. Later that night, she texts me saying that it how it was so nice to see me and that she's going to the Christmas party and hopes to see me there.

I go to the Christmas party and we have a great time playing games and cards and eating shitty pizza. We both decide to leave at the same time and she gives me a ride home along with a couple other coworkers. We don't talk again at all until she texts me at work a  month later asking if she can borrow some money. I leave and come give her the money, thinking that it's kind of weird that we've been friends for over a year and I'm just now seeing what her house looks like. We talk for way too long considering that I'm supposed to be at work, but enjoy ourselves anyway.

Later that week, I stop at work on my day off and talk to her for a while before leaving for unrelated reasons. Another month passes with no communication before I stop to see her again, and this time she hardly notices I'm there. The only time that she says something to me is when I outright ask her how she's been, and even then the conversation is uncharacteristically brief. I wonder if there's something on her mind that she's not telling me, seeing as that would explain why she seems so quiet. I decide to not bother and leave her alone.

That weekend I show up to her work after being asked to fill in for someone. Seeing as I had nothing better to do, I take the offer. Unlike last time I was there, my friend seems to be acting like her normal self. We talk for a bit while I work and I go up front to hang around. She tells me that she's going to go home and watch a movie and was wondering if I'd like to swing by after work. I tell her I'd love to and wait for her to call me like she said she would. I never get the call. 

That was a couple weeks ago.  I just can't help but feel like all of these offers to spend time with her aren't legitimate offers but rather her faking interest in spending time with me. I wish that there was some way that I could tell her this without coming off as uncaring or needy, but I just don't feel like there's a way to tell her this without coming off as an asshole in one way or another.

Thanks to those that read this or answer. This has been on my mind a lot as of late and it feels good to get it off of my chest.