Apologizing to a family member ?
Not sure if this is the right place to put this?  If it’s not feel free to direct me!  To sum it up,  I’ve highly offended a family member of mine.  I wrote this apology that I can’t bring myself to send them.  I kept telling them how much I wanted to see them and I even flew up to see everyone.  When we were all seated at a restaurant I was having really bad anxiety and didn’t really speak to anyone.  He took this really personal and felt I came off as an asshole.  I didn’t know how to explain the anxiety part of things to him so I gave him a lame excuse about eating spoiled food the night before.  While it was true it wasn’t the reason I wasn’t speaking to anyone.  Then I had went to his house to try and speak to him as I was leaving the next day and he told me not to come.  I did anyway and you can imagine that didn’t end well at all.  He won’t talk to me.  I finally found the courage to type up this apology.  It explains the conditions I suffer from, how they’re debilitating and the trauma I endured that caused them.  The apology I feel is oversharing but I also wanted to explain myself in full and be as genuine as I possibly can.   Nobody knows the things I went through but I’m going to post the apology here for you guys to read for yourselves.  Please don’t judge me too harshly I just don’t want this family member to never talk to me again.   I understand it may come off as a pity me type of thing but I promise it’s not.  

Here it is :


I just wanted to let you how sorry I am.  I should’ve apologized sooner but I wanted to give you time.  I’d like to fully explain myself.  This is really long but it’s genuine.  And I’m not justifying myself in any way as I fully understand that I’ve crossed boundaries and disrespected you but I also want you to have a better understanding of what really happened.  Hear me out before you roll your eyes at what I’m about to say.   Some of this won’t make any sense initially.  But trust me it all ties together.  Whatever decision you make I’d prefer for you not to tell anyone any of this stuff.  This is why I handled certain things the way I did.  I’ve been through a lot of trauma.  Initially it was with Savannah’s dad.  He would beat me, kick me, slap, choke, etc told me my mother would be happy with me gone.  And she was aware and didn’t do anything.  This was when Jody had custody of me but I was visiting them when they had an apartment together.  Eventually I went to live with my dad and his parents.  His mom didn’t want any more kids and she was absolutely terrible to me.  She’d give me Valium to sedate me, swing pots and pans at me, threaten me with knives, lock me out of the house etc.  My dad wasn’t any better as he gave me my first black eye.  School was really difficult as I’d get bullied pretty bad and I’d get myself suspended just to avoid it.  At this point people claimed I had a behavioral issue and I was put on multiple medications I didn’t need.  His mom was able to collect SSI because of this and when Jody found this out she wanted me back.  After a year back and forth to court she won custody in January 2014.  I was 15 at this point.  She promised me a better life but it only got worse.  She kept me locked up in the house for 4 years as she didn’t want me improving and losing the SSI.  Her boyfriend also lived there, he was an alcoholic.  He’d break into my room in the middle of the night to beat and rape me.  Taunt me about how I’ve made previous suicide attempts and would go on about how he’d kill me but he figured I’d do it myself anyway.  I’ve never told anyone as I figured nobody would ever believe me.  Anyway, I was diagnosed with depression, PTSD, Panic Disorder, and social anxiety, and yet most people aren’t aware of a lot of the things I’m telling you right now.  Because of some of these conditions it’s hard for me to socialize with people for the first time.  I wasn’t trying to be distant or cold to you in person but my anxiety makes me seem that way and I’m sorry.  It’s something I’m trying to work on.  In fact it was so bad at one point I wasn’t even able to eat in a restaurant.  I couldn’t open the door if I ordered food.  I was constantly living in fear of being injured, killed, judged, any situation I was faced with I’d think of the worst possible scenario.  It’s even preventing me from getting a license.  Now, when you said I was chatty in text and not in person it really hurt my feelings and I wanted to explain but how do I explain this to somebody?  If I just said oh I have anxiety I felt as if it would’ve sounded like bs.  And I just felt absolutely terrible and I acted on an impulse and I just ended up disrespecting you and crossed boundaries I never should’ve in the first place and I am so so sorry for that.  Some of the things Aunt Connie said to me I took it to heart when I shouldn’t have and it was another contributing factor as to why I had left.  The spoiled meat story was true it wasn’t a lie.  I ate it around 1 in the morning she didn’t give it to me I wasn’t implying she did.  But it wasn’t what made me not say much.  If you were wondering why I had my luggage it’s because I figured you’d be mad,  but let me in.  I didn’t have enough money to uber all the way back so that’s why I brought my stuff.  It was idiotic I know.  I’m sorry.  Also,  I realize I’ve done things prior to this that have annoyed you.  And if I could get another chance I promise I won’t do those things again.   Sorry for those things as well.  I understand if you find it strange for me to tell you all of this but I’m sick of people not understanding how hard it is to deal with anxiety.  I wish I could do what normal people do without having racing thoughts and feeling like I’m about to pass out or worry about what people think of me or feel they’re laughing at me.  I wish I was normal but I’m not.  There isn’t an off switch.  Granted they don’t know all of this but now that you do I hope you believe me when I say it’s not an excuse.  If you have any questions about this stuff or anything in general you can ask I just hope you’re not mad at me anymore.  And maybe if possible I could come up again in a few months and try again ?  I know I gave a really bad first impression and it’s hard to shake that but I’d like to try and fix that as well.  Plus I never really got to know you all that well like I did with Aunt Connie and Uncle Paul.   And she basically told me I’m never welcome there again because I left.  I mean we texted but you get what I’m saying right ?  This is long and now I’m rambling sorry but I feel so much better now that I’ve said all this it was bothering me.  I just don’t have too many people in life right now.  And I know even when I first started talking to you on Facebook I would you send you pictures of alcohol and talk about drugs and I want to briefly go into that.  I was never hooked on anything hard.  I watched my mom lose everything from her health to her kids.  I did smoke weed, cigs, drink, and xannies.   I lived with an older cousin who pressured me but at the same time it was a way to escape my pain.   It wasn’t easy watching my mom nod out and Aunt abuse my brothers and sisters and only keep them for money.   And being stuck in that house everyday and dealing with an alcoholic.   I was never necessarily hooked on anything besides cigarettes but I didn’t want to look 40 by 30 so I quit those too.  It overall made my mental health even worse.   I finally cut all of that out and that’s when I heavily turned to food.  Then I gained almost 100 lbs and that was another reason I didn’t wanna talk to anyone because I felt absolutely disgusting but I’ve lost most of it now!  I’m back down to 180.  12 pounds until I’m a healthy weight.  But my point is I’m not that kid anymore I promise you.  I wasn’t even when I went up there there’s just more to everything than you initially see ya know?  And I’m not my mom I would never ask you for a dime.  I promise you I’m not a bad person if you really get to know me.  I’ve just had a lot of things I had to go through and I feel pretty much broken as a person but I’m trying to put myself back together it’s really difficult but I don’t have any choice but to go forward.  Believe me I still want to end it sometimes but I somehow manage to keep pushing on every day.   Talking to you, and Aunt Connie, and Uncle Paul made me feel like I had a chance of having some decent family members you know?  And I don’t really know you all that well to say how you are as a person but you seemed really nice.  And then I screwed it up with everyone.  It just made me feel like I’d finally have what I always wanted and I should’ve been realistic as I didn’t grow up with you guys, none of you know me like that, and I should’ve kept myself in line.  I just hope that you’d be willing to give me a second chance.  Again, I genuinely am sorry for all the unnecessary drama I’ve brought into your life.   But, I’m really lonely and I’d love to have some family that doesn’t hurt me.  I tried to explain the anxiety to Aunt Connie but she didn’t get it.  She thought I was just being rude whenever there was company or I was at her brothers house.  Of course I didn’t tell her everything I told you because I didn’t feel comfortable.  And it’s still uncomfortable telling you all of this but I felt that I owed you a proper explanation.  I mean I kept talking about how I wanted to see you and then didn’t even speak to you in person how much of an asshole I probably came off as. 