What can I do in this situation?
After graduating high school last summer, I stopped hanging out with all my friends. Some just stopped contacting me since they now live far away living in dorms and such..and others I dropped because they were fake. Sometimes I do sort of regret it, but that's only because of the loneliness and boredom I feel home alone on a weeknight. I'm currently taking a year off and I only have one close friend. I've only known this friend for a year but we got along so well. We had soo many things in common. But now I feel like he's super fake. For ex, he talks crap about his "friends" but then posts photos and acts all nice and friendly around them. When he talks about them with me, it genuinely sounds like he hates them and says he never wants to hangout with them..but then does??. Not only that, but nowadays whenever we hang all he seems to do is complain and judge other people. Like, at first it use to be ok..but now it's all the time. It's so toxic and just a cheap form of communication imo. He's also always late whenever we schedule a meetup. Not once was he ever on time, sometimes he makes me wait an hour because he took his time to get ready when he knows that I'm waiting for him. We also never get to do what I want to do anymore because he's "lazy". For ex, I really wanted to go to this cute cafe and he also did too..but then on the day of he was taking so long to get ready we ended up not having time to go. We only get to do what I want if he's benefitting from it. Just thinking about this makes me wanna go to him right now and let out all my anger at his face. I do confront him, but it's almost as if he forgets. I would tell him that I hate it when he makes fun of my body or rubs whatevers on his hands on my shirt as if it's a tissue but then a couple weeks later he'll do it. ugh. Just recently too..he was telling me about his cousin and how she literally talks crap about everyone which led to me asking if she ever talked about me. He said yes and she basically called me weird just because of my face shape. I know it's nothing serious but it made me mad because I'm super self conscious about it. But what made me even more mad was the fact that my so called "friend" didn't even stick up for me. He didn't tell her to stop or anything. 

Sorry that this turned into a rant, but I really wanted some advice. I feel so lonely. When he hangout I feel as I have to be this super fun person because he seems to talk about how his other friends are so fun when he hangs out with me. It wasn't always like this..maybe we're growing apart from each other, I don't know, but I'm purposely taking a break from him for two weeks..we scheduled a meetup for his bday but idk how that'll go. Any advice or opinions are welcome. I just want to hear what others think about my situation. Thanks.