Advice please. Am I in the wrong or is she overreacting?
This is going to be a long post! 

This is my very first post! 

Me (F33) and, now ex best friend (F33) just had a major falling out and she’s blaming me. Here’s a little backstory;
We were best friends, did everything together, babysat each others kids and just hung out all the time.  I have 5 kids, she has 2. My youngest are 19 month twins, her youngest is 9 month old girl. 

I babysat last for her on Nov 1st. Before dropping her baby off, I always vacuumed because she spent all of her time on the floor. Nothing dangerous in her reach (obviously, I Baby proofed for my kids). She was rolling around and got over by my shoe rack and found something I didn’t see and, like babies do, she stuck it in her mouth. I went over to her and did a finger sweep to remove it but I couldn’t get it and it made her gag; not choke, gag. So I angled her down, patted her back and it fell out. She smiled at me when I turned her right side up, obviously unfazed by what just happened. I stayed calm, and did what needed to be done, no harm. Told mom about it and she seemed unfazed as well and stayed and chatted and left shortly after. Thought everything was fine until just a few nights ago. She sends me a text; that’s right, a text, and basically tells me that I can no longer be trusted to watch her kids and that the state of my house should’ve been a red flag. (My house is lived in, not a pig sty). She said I dropped the ball and let her kid stick something in her mouth and she could’ve choked. Also, I was so nonchalant about telling her about it and that means I was lazy and didn’t see it as a big deal. News flash- it wasn’t a big deal, nothing happened.  She said she wants me to apologize for putting her daughters safety at risk and that basically this friendship is over. I’m sorry but if it’s safe enough for my twins it’s safe enough for her daughter. She found something that I couldn’t see from my view point and stuck it in her mouth. I stayed calm, responded and everything was fine. Should I apologize? Did I do something wrong? She is refusing to talk to me face to face. I don’t feel like I should apologize for something every baby does. I just can’t believe she held onto this for so long. We’ve even hung out since then and she never said anything. Just some advice please. 