Family Problems - kicked out now moving out
Issue: 
I have found myself unable to speak to my parents about anything. I have found, when I have problems, thinking  of doing something new like get a job, am sick or just news about school or just talk want to talk about everday things that I go to speak to other family members, friends, or counselors before them who I felt more comfortable with, which would then get my parents irritated, and upset  and make me even less likely to talk to them about anything because of how they reacted to me.

This has been going on for years 

Except now it has gotten a lot worse.


When I have important things to tell them about, such as news about school ( be it grades, tuition, classes etc ) appointments, invitations to a friend's wedding, or pretty much anything of that sort, I leave it to the last minute. Even thinking about telling them anything makes me feel extremely nervous - my heart speeds up and there's a pressure in my chest, I tremble, get headaches . As soon as I do talk to them I panic and change the topic to ask about something else, zone out , or I can't speak clearly at all.

Because of my inability to tell them anything  or even socialize with them has caused  us to drift far apart. I am  usually one to talk  and My parents dont strike up conversation with and if I somehow must up the courage to do so I feel like they don't hear me and are quick to talk of all my shortcoming. ( My mom often talk about me negatively to her friends and y other relatives  sometimes where I can hear) Anyways It doesn't go well. If they start the conversation it on a bad note . I have then avoided my family even more because of how they make me feel.  I merely  come home from school , do my chores and homework and staying  in my bedroom ad stay out of their way.

I have to admit I am not a perfect child, I have given my share of attitude etc. But I believe that most of it was because I am couldn't express how I felt or wanted to say or what I was thinking and wanted to expected them to know.

While I don't drugs or curse, stay out late, outright disobey the. Etc acting this is considered disrespectful to them.

At first,I just assumed it was a teenage phase a little bit worse than normal but I guess normal has been ruled out since I spend longs time in the bathroom to avoid them, hiding behind doors, flinching when I am talked to or even walking around different parts of the house to pretend I am doing something among other things .

I don't know why I am like this. Or how I got like this( well maybe I have some idea) but I can't shake it.
I have been advised to 'just go talk to them' but that is the very thing I cannot do!
I don't think they understand how much pain this causes me when I have to gather my courage to even speak to them to ask for advice, and they rebuff me even now. I need some advice about how to proceed and handle this
I have no more courage in me, low self esteem and probably some other things.
I feel that my parents are not emotionally ..um supportive or open.. are so judgmental and critical I just can't.
 I've become isolating towards friends, restless at night and start eating all the time or not much at all.

 There are a  few events that I think really hurt me and thus  contributed to the problem overtime.

examples:
(Younger)
they threaten to bring to boarding school and my mom even brings me to tell police station to proceed with the plan. 
 - memorable beating from incident 
- memorable punishment of not letting me eat for a few days because I refuse to eat a seasme seed bun ( had sensitivity too, found out after) 
- memorable punishment mom knnew I was extremely afriad of the dark made me sit in the dark in the living roomfor hours of the night.
- I was also left at home frequently ( with no cable , no internet) and missed out on many holiday events with family and outings. I cried a lot at first but overtime I learned to occupy myself with my own company. My mom would also leave me to clean the house as well.
- little "treasured" things like cool pencils or little toys would be taken away.i don't know why but I never asked for them back, even afterwards nor would they give them back to me.

(older)
- Running away to school placement
- struggling to secure financial assistance from my parents to help pay for my tuition. Scared the I have to drop out.
-threatening to donate all my work earnings
- and kicking me out of the house with no belongings.

I have been torn between leaving and staying. Especially again with being cut off from my siblings as my stepdad prevent me from interacting with them after that.
 
I finally left after a fight with my mom last week ( which included a rule on two day noticed before going anywhere... and talk to a worker about ending my life , which resulted her call the house concerned for my safety. Mom didnt take it very well and kicked me out) 
 I have left and i'm trying work things out with myself and try to get better which is something I cannot do at home.  I am staying with a friend, and hoping to rent a room , get a job and go for counselling soon. 

However, They are now feeling bad me and are asking me to come back home ( which includes some guilt tripping- crying, using religion ( must obey parents, not put mother in hardship, will be held accountable) , younger siblings- not being able to see them, and now tell other relatives)

I have been saying that i am not ready to comeback home ( although i am not really interested in going back, well other than being with my younger siblings whom i miss )

 I have no intention of trashing anybody, i love them, the raised me. I just think it would better to reconcile and work things out from a distance.

I dont know how to deal with all of this.