I'm getting annoyed constantly by one of my closest friends
We've been friends since 8th grade, and she's a great friend, outgoing, funny, smart, the usual. We're pretty close, not absolute besties, but at the level where we can share memes with each other at 3am and not think it weird. But this year she's the only one of my friends from last year that has the same lunch as me, so I sit with her everyday. The problem is her bestest friend in the whole world also has the same lunch, so I'm always the awkward third wheel. I always try to help her when she needs it because a, she's my friend, and b, she doesn't have an easy home life. She never has enough to eat at lunch so I always bring something extra, and she also always needs rides everywhere. She says it's because her guardian is at work, or is visiting other family, is babysitting, but I think her family just doesn't want to give her rides places. I don't mind most of the time, but it's gotten to the point where she almost assumes we'll give her a ride when she needs it, and we can't always do that. She also stopped coming to lunch last week to go practice in the orchestra room, and I never even see her until orchestra class. I know something's not right, but every attempt to figure it out has gone unrewarded. I've made new friends this year through cross country and orchestra, and they have the same lunch I do. I went and sat with them one day, but my other friend looked almost mad when I told her I was sitting with them just for that day. It's okay for you to ignore me most of lunch and then not even show up and not answering me when I ask where you've been, but I can't make new friends and sit with them every now and then? I'm just not sure where to go from here, because I don't want to stop being friends, I really don't, but I just feel like my new friends can be better friends, and friends I can relate to better. I just don't want to do or say something I'll regret, especially because I know her life at home isn't great and she needs friends, but she shouldn't be pushing her problems onto me either 