"You can count on me" That sweet lie.
Maybe this post is a way to vent. Maybe I just need to feel like someone, somwhere has read this and, in a way, I've actually said it.

I don't have many friends, but the ones I do have, I consider them quite close. One of them (let's cal him Joel) is by far the one whom i have a closest relationship with we are bouth 30 right now. I met him as the boyfriend of a workmate about 7 years ago and even after they broke up we stayed as friends.

Joel has a tendency for depression, and I've always tried to help him in any way possible. Because of this problem he ended up hooked on Cocaine, he admited it to me, and we tried everything possible to solve it. So far he seems to be dealing with it reasonably well, but I've had some very rough nights in which i would recieve a text message, wake up at 4 am, grab my keys and drive to his home to literally hold him in my hands while he cried back to sleep and then sand the rest of the night outside his bedroom's door. 

Basically, When I say the words "You can count on me for anything" I really mean it, and I think I've proved that to him.

Fast forward to last May and, for the first time in many, many years (before i even met him) I was hit with depression myself for various reasons. 

It hit me hard, suicide attempt hard. 

I tried to deal with it by myself, but finally turned to him and told him what was happening during what I consider the worst night so far in my life. The night I hugged my dog, left him at a friends house "for a few days because i had to leave the city for work" and drove to the forest with the intention of not comming back.

In that forest I called Joel in tears, told him whats was happening to me (didnt tell him what i was planning) and he literally said "I feel bad i can't go there, but I had promissed someone else I havent seen in a while to hang out tonight" but told me I "could count on him for whatever I needed".

To say I was shocked would be an understatement.

Obviously I didnt end my life that day, but I could not believe what had happened. I tried to ignore it, called Joel the very next day and asked him to meet me whenever it was possible.

This was in May.

I would not see Joel's face until September 2nd after basically begging him to meet up.

I'm writing this on November 26, and we have met once since then, a day I had to beg for again in which i planned to tell him how I was dealing with my problem.

He invited a girlfriend he just met and a co-worker to said meeting.

I find myself thinking about this every day, about how a person can be so selfish to have a friend, someone temselves call his best friend, in this situation and proceed to ignore it and basically run away.

After all we have been through this situation is hurting me far more than the reasons that nearly drove me to suicide some months ago.


I want to tell something to everyone who has taken the time to read this.

 

**Never say "You can count on me" if you dont mean it,** you may think you do, but consider if you are actually up to the task. Because,** a failure in this regard can completely crush someone's spirit far more than any problem they needed help with in the first place.**