Mom treats me like a stray cat and siblings like gold
My younger brother and sister are 10/11 years younger than I am. We have an older brother but he no longer speaks to our mother and has t for about 5 years. I’m an adult now and I fully support myself and have since I was 18. As soon as I graduated high school and child support stopped, I was tossed out of my moms with nothing but garbage bags filled with my clothes. I was told I had to live with father even tho my mother had just bought a house with her husband and my youngest siblings. My stepfather never like me and always kept me separate from their family. They would go to dinner every Friday night and I had to stay home bc he would flip out and many other mean things. To my step dad, I was a stray cat who didn’t belong near his children. My mother never stuck up for me and stayed with him until I was in my mid 20s when he cheated on her and left her. I was raised dysfunctional but bc of that I long for a close, supportive family. Once he was out of the picture, I was able to create relationships with my sister and brother. My siblings are now in their late teens and I’m 26. I’ve struggled immensely on my own I had no choice. I could have 3 dollars to my name and my mother wiuld take it from me for coffee etc. if she picked anything up for me I had to give her the money ASAP. Soon as child support stopped, legit the day I graduated i had to live with my dad and mother gave me only garbage bags with clothes.  good. Anything that had been mine was now my sisters (bedroom set, jewelry stand, American girl dolls list goes on. Now years later, my mother makes sure my brother and sister have everything and anything the very best of. Designer everything, newest clothes shoes, technology. When it comes to me, my mother doesn’t do anything at all. If she buys the coffee I am to give her to $2 but reversed she would die if I asked for the money back for he coffee. Now foremost, I’m fully aware I am an adult and can support myself. It has nothing to do with what my mother does for siblings it’s how she treats me compared to her treatment of siblings. For instance, I asked to use sisters perfumes that smelled good and was told no it’s her expensive kind. I’m not to use anything of my brother or sisters actually. My brother s d sister themselves do not care about this stuff it’s just my mom. When cleaning my face, my younger brother is allowed to use my sisters face cream or anything really bc well they are siblings. But i am not allowed to use the very same thing. If my mother is getting rid of things she will charge me full price. If she orders pizza and I eat a couple pieces I have to pay her half the money. Point I’m getting at is that she treats me like im not good enough to use my sister expensive designer perfume or face wash etc. she can buy the best of the best for them but charges me if I need anything. Holidays she spends thousands on them and if she does anything for me she only gives me gift she receives for free for spending so much as PINK etc .im not expecting to be equal. Again I’m an adult and can buy myself things but she can’t spend even $25 on a gas card or something lol I should add that it is expected of me to get her and siblings expensive gifts for their bdays and Xmas. Moms bday is in January if I happen to be broke and can only afford a $25 dunkin card, my bday in February she will get me something small or a $5 dunkin card. If I can’t afford a gift, she makes damn sure my bday co es and goes without her buying bday gift. Immature or not I’m very hurt by this. I was always a good kid, never in trouble, finished high school, went to some college and never asked for hand outs. Why am I not worth two small sprays of designer perfume?? 