19 M here...family dispute between uncle's n dad. PLEASE ADVICE
hi..i am 19 yrs old and currently in college. 

please bear my poor English.  so i know the title is kinda vague and idk i felt i wld get some views n advices here.
so  it all  strtd from childhood. My uncle  was jealous of dad in evrythng. Dad was adored by all d siblings he wasnt, coz he was grandmas eye n youngest. Actually grandma spoild him...kinda the pampered kid who is arrogant. He had his ways in evrythng.  Ok den marriage,  n kids. not bragging but i must say this...my siblings kinda "got our shit together" den his kids..in terms of academic performance or like social life in general...so maybe yeah that added  Again highr level of jealousy.  He evn said i got 1st rank in my high school  (which i did..nerdy days)coz its a "rotten school". i am in another city too now, not homwtown. Den my uncle sent his kids to outside cities too , but all faild wid single digits. Shame added to jealousy probably . after some time he bought  Hyundai i10 car. after some time Dad bought i20 too...actually the thing is it was the time when we were kinda grown up too  and a car was necessary plus  i hv four siblings so i20...mayb my uncle thought it was kinda a competition..childish i know. 

Bam! N then came  d issue of d "way".  see my dad , uncle,  and dads elder brother , they all lived together before(joint fam)....Wen they  seperatd land, they decided de sud leav 10 feet land for vehicle...lemme explain that bit.
its like imaging three houses next to next and we need to leave path to the right so that we cn park beside respective house...the main entry being point being our uncle's because his house is first, middle dad then dads elder bro.
 my dads elder bro did(left 10feet to the side then constructed new house), dad did, he dint.  N wen dad told, he said "u dnt evn hav a car nw(then ). I will gv way wen u buy." N my grandparents let him hav his way. Actually its all der fault. they never take d authority.  N wen we bougt the car, he refusd straight. We dint hav place to keep our new car. We kept in a locality friend' house. Such emberasment. N uncle dint gv "way" all d tym. Dad didnt try to make an issue coz our grandparents wer der n he thought to make them approach n deal first.. they didnt.  They  wer too spineless. Its der land, de r parents de but  dint hav d guts to tell my uncle ...hey " you r wrng".  Dats why i hate dem when de dramatise to love dad when they  need money. N things remaind same.  Den grandpa was sick. then Dunno smthng hapnd, dads elder bro and another close relative were angry at my uncle for an issue. So they went to his house to talk. N he opend d door n said m busy go away and other rude things.  she (relative ) slappd him. He hit her n broke her head. Den  dad ran in(we lived next to each other so the ruckus is audible) .He broke dads nose n their head. All wer hurt but kept silent and tried to handle internally  coz he is family. Bt he sent police, to arrest dem. D police laughd n went away, saying "u  beat them and den u  cmplained?"....from  then on der wer court cases n cases. 


so that was what happened.  Problem now is he moved away and now his land is bought by another relative but he still comes and make a scene. plus he poisoned his kids like " you arent allowed to say his name (dads) in house".
its like he is using that incident  (land dispute n court cases) to dissipate all his jealousy and ego on my dad. coz there many ppl involved but he is just on my dad.
i mean yeah you adults hv issues okay.. but dont spoil the next generation. 

i know this is getting too long n no specific questions is asked ..imma answer in comments if i get any reply lol.
i just wanna get sm views and how would you handle this...plus advice because i dont wanna spoil the relationships between my cousins n us because of whatever is going on with the adults.