I don't know if I am allowed to feel this way
I don't have many friends to start with. I mean I do, but when I count close friends, I nearly have none as I am slowly starting to lose them. I have great friends, amazing friends that were always there for me in the past, but I just don't feel any of that anymore. And yes, I know I should be considerate that they are people that have a life of their own with school and family and all their homework, but I feel in a way neglect. I asked them for once if they wanted to hang out, but they reply with "sorry I'm busy with homework" but then I see that they were making a costume and having a photoshoot with some other friend which would have took hours of work. I know I shouldn't say anything and I should be forunate that they still consider me their prized friend however, I feel neglected. I feel as if they don't even care or want to even care about me anymore because I'm the one always chatting in the chat, but I get short replies back once in the blue moon. It makes me feel like they just stopped because they found someone else. 

On top of that, they calmed they were sick and I do believe that. They actually had initially told me that they wanted to give me a present for Christmas which is rare because they never really give me things (once on a blue moon maybe) and I only give gifts to them for their birthday. But now since they are sick, I have a feeling I'm going to be told "no, sorry I am sick and need to relax after finals" when they always go out with their other friends for these occasions no matter what. I want to say this again, but I feel that it is not right that I am feeling disappointed and neglected because a person is allowed to do what they want. I am not not allowed to tell them what to do as they have their own life and I wouldn't like that. But please, my request is may I have some advice about or further insight about what you guys could possibly be seeing in this situation? My point of view I feel is too biased because I already know the person and their habits and I have an emotional response to this. 