Living At Home With Untrustworthy Family Member
This post may be a bit long, but I really need advice , outside of the obvious "just move out" , which I will be doing soon, but I need advice for until I do.

So I live at home with an untrustworthy uncle who has shown me that I can't trust him. He talks about people behind their back, personally talks down to me, purposely does things to hold me back (such as will place a setback in my way knowing it will affect my moving out --- he asks me to drive someone somewhere using my car during the time I have to be at work, ect.) .

Anyway,  my uncle wants me to contribute to the household by paying $50.00 towards the electric bill. So I go, "Ok, no problem."

That is a big problem because I was initially thinking I could go to a bill payment center and just directly pay it there as my debit card company (AMEX, Visa, ect) isn't accepted by the electric company. I called the electric company and was told if I go to a billpayment center that I need the bill or at least the account number. I have neither and am unable to access either because my uncle takes the bill . I have asked to see it, both asking my aunt and uncle. 
My aunt says "I am trying to complicate things," and informed me that my uncle pays everything via his bank account,which really means to "contribute", I am really having to pay my uncle $50 after he pays the whole bill from his bank account. 

I don't want to do that because I am looking at having to give him that $50 , which is really going in his pocket, versus to the electric company, as a waste of money. I want to be sure my money is going where it is supposed to go (to the electric bill, and not in my uncle's pockets).  When my sister lived here, they let her have access to the bills and pay them or parts of them how she wanted.  We are two years apart, her being 28, and me being 26.  My uncle wastes a lot of money on hookah, and products on Amazon. He believes that my grandmother's house is his house (which is not true at all.) 

They, being my uncle and aunt are not allowing me to do things the way I want. I want to ensure that my money is going directly to the electric company in particularly because when I have contributed to the household as they (my aunt and uncle) have asked, I have watched my money be used in an unscrupulous manner and have had to deal with them (my aunt and uncle) basically monopolizing my time, so I can never progress with what I need to do in life, such as move out. My aunt tried to ask me how much money I bring in a month, and I refused to tell her. In my family, my family feels like if you are not forthcoming with information then something shady or bad has to be going on. In my case, that is not true. I am a young woman wanting to better herself and continue pursuing her passions (ones that actually will provide for myself and my OWN family --- children, ect if I have any) and leave a legacy behind when my time comes.  I am thinking not of just today, but later on down the line. 

My uncle is very immature. While his mother (my grandmother) was in the hospital due to a heart attack and stroke, he brought a random woman over and had sex with her in his mother's bed, and the girl was very loud and disrespectful considering that I am right down the hall. (Keep in mind, he has his own room on the third floor of the house where no one would be able to hear or see anything he is doing). He also has a superiority complex. 

My grandmother is still sick, and is supposedly coming home soon. I am trying to save so I can move, and have been the one helping my grandmother while she is sick. I am aware that I am dealing with a toxic family member (well, family members.) 

My uncle will downtalk me, calling me a bum, saying I don't have certain things, because he doesn't see where any of my money is at or goes (He isn't supposed to, I am a grown adult) , but at the same time, putting every road block in my way to keep me in a position where I can't get on better footing. I honestly feel my family just wants someone that they can talk about and put down. I have told my family that I don't have access to cash, so I can continue to save and move. I did say I can contribute in other ways. I have been the pariah of my family due to what a lot of people have said about me, lies and things that are untrue. I have family members that just want me to fail. I know that for sure.

 I have thought about waiting for next month's bill to come, and taking the account number off of it to directly pay my portion of the electric bill. 

To anyone who feels I may be being selfish, complaining , or lazy,  I am none of those things. I am currently working and saving money to move to another state. I was taught at an early age to trust my gut, and everything is all messed up right now. I have watched my family and am aware of how they operate. I don't want to be around people I can't trust. Family will betray you faster than your enemies. 

I am asking regarding this situation, what should I do and what advice do you suggest for dealing with toxic family members who make fun of your dreams and put obstacles in your way to hold you back from succeeding ? Also getting the account number off of the bill after the bill comes --- how good of an idea is that?