My mom wants to see me... naked?
Whew, so my parents moved to America from Korea and had my sister and I. They still stick to their homeland culture and tradition, but I've become accustomed to how things are done in America. Where kids have privacy and all.
My mom has been pestering me to see me naked. She says it's to size me to buy bras, but I don't think so.
She invades my personal privacy a lot, like butt slapping and I sometimes catch her staring at my privates. She comments on if I'm wearing a bra or not and I find it kind of creepy. I get that it may be normal in Korean culture, but I've asked her to stop since I feel uncomfortable. She said no, simply because she gave birth to me.
Whenever I'm changing, she barges into my room barely even a second after knocking and stares at me when I'm semi naked. I asked her for some privacy, after all, I'm almost 13, but she rejects it.
My mom made plans to go to a public bathhouse, but I told her I don't want to. She wants to drag me out and "rub all the dead skin cells off my back" but I feel like she only wants to see me naked.
She recently got breast implants and keeps bragging about how she increased in size, and how she's regaining her youth. I'm happy that she is, but now I feel like she's shaming me for being flat. Hello? I'm 12. She tells me about how much bigger she was in comparison to other girls back then, then shows my sister her cleavage. I asked my mom if breasts define a woman, you know how she replied? Yes. If you want to fit in, yes. If you want to be able to wear todays modern clothes, yes. If you want to attract men, yes. I honestly LIKE being flat, but my mom says I'll change my mind. I respect the fact that I may, but I'm still sort of annoyed.
I think she just wants to see me naked. Not as a parent, but as an inspector. I don't know if it's exactly normal in Asian culture, but I feel extremely uncomfortable. Any advice? Sorry if I sounded sorta whiney.
(Also, she sneaks into my room at night when she thinks I'm sleeping without a bra)