My friend refuses to pay his 600 dollar lost wager to me. What to do? [Long text]
One day, a friend and I started arguing about something. It turned into a heated but friendly discussion, and eventually we were both fed up with each other's differing views, so we both proposed a wager. We then spent the rest of the day simply arguing, but without any real conclusion, we decided to actually follow through with our wager. Before making the wager, we agreed on 600 dollars, and it was 100% agreed on from both sides.

Fast forward to him losing the wager and promising to pay me within a month or so when he would get his next salary. I also felt a bit bad about winning, so I decided to call him and ask him what he would have done in the exact same situation if the roles were reversed. He said he would have taken the money. Right then and there, I decided I would also then take the money, as my friend is (or so I thought) a man of honor. During no time did I ever say I didn't want the money from him.

Some time after I won, I made a little joke on facebook along the lines of: "When am I getting my juicy money?" with a little meme, as it would be awkward to simply tell him to pay me. He simply said: 

"I invested the money into [[fucking]] ethereum [[of all things he could have done]], and it rose 16%!
 
I probably won't pay you the money."

I thought this was a joke, but later found out he was 100% serious. Of course this made me mad - not only that he wouldn't pay me all of a sudden, but also that he broke the news in such an arrogant way. I then argued with him, saying he owed me the money and we agreed on it as two men who made a very serious wager, both knowing what we would get ourselves into. I know for a fact that I would have paid him the second I would have lost, and I have told him so many times. He now claims that it is too much to pay, that it doesn't feel right (yet he also feels guilt) and that I am being negative and should just move on.

I get very mad at unjustice just like this, as could very well have lost the wager. I basically took a very unnecessary risk with this wager. I've told him I can't trust him anymore, but he seems to just want to move on, typing messages on Facebook like nothing has changed. He said he was sorry, but I don't accept the apology as he can still do what is right: pay me the money.

He tried twisting this on me trying to make me look greedy, when in fact he is the one who fucking scammed his friend. What is your view on this?
