Ending a friendship (This post is insanely long FYI)
I have a mate [17M, nearly 18] whose currently in a relationship with a girl [just turned 16] that he is completely infatuated by. He buys her stuff constantly, despite his financial situation (more on that later) and does lots of other things (also more on that later).

This friend of mine completely revolves his life around this one girl. He once told me he would do anything for her and that he would kill himself if they broke up (he's also depressed, which I think he should fix before even being in a relationship but it's too late now) he also said he would feel 100% responsible if she were to kill herself (she's not depressed. It was hypothetical. When I told him it wouldn't be his fault as everyone is responsible for their own actions, I simply received a "shut up". There have been many incident like this where I've truth bombed him and he's stuck his head in the sand and might as well be saying "lalala I can't hear you!"

Unfortunately for my mate, these feelings don't appear to be reciprocated. He buys her gifts all the time, even though his mum can barely afford fuel due to her unemployment and the fact she's a single mum. He bought her a bath bomb and perfume and other stuff for her birthday (would be upwards of $50 (Australian dollars btw if that's even a concern) from a family that sometimes has $0 in their bank account when he didn't even get anyone else (including me) a gift for our birthdays. The girl doesn't even seem phased by his financial situation or his depression. If she cared, wouldn't she ask to not have gifts to help him out?. Not to mention that she hasn't bought A THING for my mate. In real life they seem like a stable couple but it's much worse. 

The mate also purposely neglects invites from his mates (including me) for her. We invited him to see Star Wars: The Last Jedi and he messaged her about how he didn't really want to go (me and a mate broke into his Snapchat account. His iPad charger is broken and he can't afford another one so he gave us username and password to Snapchat so we could do his streaks which apparently matter. Also this is another testiment to his financial situation. Can't afford a cheapo third party cord for his iPad)

We looked through his messages and pretty much he's sending "almost nudes" thankfully with consent and a thotty dog filter picture (even though he would call anyone else that did it a thot to fit in) he also constantly asked to call on discord to which she replied only with "sorry" or "can't". No explanation whatsoever. Her friends are also incredibly irresponsible (thankfully he sees through that)

When my mate is talking to me or anyone else. All we get is a bombardment  "what if she doesn't like me" and other relationship jargon. I don't care but I have to pretend to. He cannot talk about anything else ever. It's just relationship this relationship that. I'm sick of it.

When he was at a very dark time in his life, me and 3 of my mates (2 girls including the girlfriend and one guy) made a group chat to talk about how we help him. We all talked very in depth except for the girlfriend. My mate asked her "what do you think of all this were talking about (we went very in depth into his situation) to which her response was "I don't know" after saying NOTHING. 

I'm sick of his ignorance. I'm sick of him neglecting me and the other lads. I'm sick of it all. He even tried to seize control from his girlfriend. She went to hi five me and he said "why are you bringing him over here" in an incredibly annoyed tone" 

I know I'm only the "when Chloe isn't present talk to him isntead" guy. He doesn't care. 

How do I cut him out of my life whilst causing the least ruccus possible?
(I have 2 other friends who have identical opinions so if you offered advice I'd be able to tell them too)

If you have anything I need to clarify please ask and I will do so. I typed all this on a phone so it's kinda hard. 

Thankyou very much to those who read and answer.