My Best Friend Feels More Like My Daughter
I love my best friend like family and if anything were to happen to her, you can know I'd be there in an instant. But I feel awful admitting that I really don't like spending time with her anymore.

We're both in our late twenties and I'm sort of the only family she has since she severed ties with her parents (a choice I completely agree was for the best). We've been best friends for the past decade and I've seen her through some really difficult times.

She's faced a lot of struggles, mostly stemming from the terrible relationship she had with her family and the financial burden separating from them put on her life. Unfortunately, many of those struggles are ongoing and have really dominated our friendship. We spend more time talking about her problems than we do hanging out.

I've gotten up at 3:00am to talk with her on the phone because she had a nightmare and she's scared. I've left my job early to go help her because she left hers early in tears. Days that are supposed to be fun (a movie, a game night, making dinner together) end up with me supporting her because she's upset about something, and suddenly the whole evening is gone. I don't want to exaggerate, but I'd say 70% of the times I see her I have to go into "support mode."

And unfortunately, I've realized that I don't enjoy her as a friend and I honestly don't think I ever will again. The dynamic of our friendship has changed and it's never going to be what it was. Don't get me wrong, I care deeply for her and want to be there for her if she needs me, but the fact of that matter is I've found myself not reaching out to her anymore because it's just not a pleasant experience. When we do hang out, it's not because I want to; it's because I feel that's what she needs. She's a burden. She's a burden I bear willingly. But she's a burden.

I don't know what to do. I really wish there were an easy way to say "I don't like you anymore, so please don't be hurt that I don't reach out, but god you don't know how much I care about you."