Accidentally kissing my friend after a party, what did i fuck up
So there's this situation that happened once a week or two ago that kind of made my pretty-close-but-not-best friend dude friend feel...distant? I'm not sure but it coincides with the event and theres this subtle awkward "accidentally" distant attitude i feel coming from him, though I apologized for the kiss the very same day by text, that happened the morning after i slept in his bed at his party (we were 5 friends chatting in his bedroom until 6 am and the others left but we fell asleep spooning. madeout when we woke up. He has a girlfriend whos super jelly and absolutely doesnt want him to mess around, even tho he cheated on her a few weeks ago without telling. I have a boyfriend of 2 years that i love as well but we have a history of cheating on eachother and not knowing how to end this. 
POINT IS, i really wanna have sex with my friend right here. Once or whatever, i don't really care, but i want my hots to go away and while hes only generically attractive, with very bland taste in women (im bisexual af and i don't understand most straight men tastes alright) , hes really more than that and has some kinks i share. Plus, everyone has had some sort of relationship or hookup with eachother in the past in our friend group, and him and I are the only pair that hasn't, so thats kind of anpther thing that makes the idea awkward. Not bright. I don't know what to feel about this.
I slept in his bed again last night after an intimate party with our friends because the guest room was busy. At some point I was pretty sleepy and felt his hand on my panties (i didnt have pants on because its uncomfortable), but he was well asleep. I gradually felt a tingling growing round there and it slightly woke me up, and after some time he was starting to give me hand stuff, leaned in to kiss me, and then - maybe it was because i didnt bring my toothbrush and had bad breath, i hope not for the love of god, a few seconds after that he removed his hand from what i literally had been dreaming -fuck my life for making me that horny, grabbed my boob a little and then got his hand back to him and fell asleep. I dont know why he stopped, and thats the most awlward thing : what could that mean? If we had full on sex we could both agree it was wanted but a mistake, and reveal sexual tension between us. But right now it looks like i dont really attract him at all, but he still likes some intimacy, just not with me. Is that your analysis as well? What do you guys read in this? 
Im well known for liking girls and have  short jaw length cherry red hair. A very cute face but Basically not your typical bombshell. Maybe that's what differences me from other girls he would dig having sex with? 
Otherwise...im just lost. I have no way of finding out if hes attracted to me in the slighest at the moment , and if we're not meant to bang, i really feel like we lost this kinda vibe in the past months where he would randomly text me every few days and have long, intimate convos about feelings and things happening in our lives, even if were not best friends, we got along well. (We dont really hang out alone together though, that might have happened once or twice only) I really hope i wont lose this definitely from those two awkward, unwanted situations(?) , it would really suck cause I really like him as a friend. 