My bestfriend ruined my life.
So, I am a 21 year old girl. I go to college, it's my third year and it all started two, almost three years.
This girl, my "best friend" told me that her old friends from primary school came to see her and she invited me. I rejected it. I am very shy and anxious around people and she knew it. They were both boys, one of them being her old love interest and one of them... well. My future love interest, the man I thought my future. I've never been in a relationship, like I've said my depression and anxiety made me believe that I am not worth it and nobody is going to love me. So she asked that he wants to meet with me and how he can do that etc. I wanted to give my number to him, I told her that I would love to talk with him because she told me a lot about him. A basketball player -my favorite sports-, goes to San Francisco State University, loves motorcycles -like me- and wears all black -like me- and has blue eyes, dark hair etc. She told me that he doesn't use any social media, even his phone because he hated them as a kid too. I was like okay it's a oersonal preference. Like, at this point I wasn't serious. Because I didn't think he would like me. So I said let's try to talk with him because someone like him wouldn't like me anyway. 

On my 19th birthday I got an e-mail. 
It was from him. 

He was telling me happy birthday, how he wanted to write me and meet me. I was stupid, I flew with his message and we started talking. It was so beautiful. He was so sweet and kind. He was everything I wanted. Times go by, we decide to try "us" in a relationship. Mind you, until then I haven't seen him once, even though I asked to see his face. Not because I only care about physical stuff, because it was too good to be true. My mind, my mind wasn't accepting the fact that someone like him would like me. 

We started dating, talking each other 24/7 but without any Skype or calling. I haven't heard his voice once. One year passed, I totally fell in love, he told me he was in love and because of his family problems he couldn't open himself. 

Few things ruined me after our magical but almost "it's nothing but a dream" year. 
First he lied to me about visiting me 3 times. He told me that he gor the ticket and he was on the way to the airport. He never came. 
Second time I cried my heart out because of an accident. We were talking with my "bestie" the girl who met us, and she send me a conversation quotes. Her argument with one of her friends. When he sent an e-mail... The exact conversation she sent me was on the bottom of his mail. We used to send tons of hearts with each mail, I guess she forgot copying the hearts again. And sent me the conversation. 
Third time he decided to talk on Kik. You know after almost 1.5 years I wanted to speak normally, not with e-mails. I was so happy, I forgot everything he did to me, especially the mental abuse and fights about my male friends,  I said yes  open yourself to me, let me be with you etc. I was happy. A message came to me from an account with his initials. However without me having a chance to look at the message a notification about my bestie appeared on my phone, let's name her "Aurora" about opening a Kik account with his initials. I asked her what the fuck was going on and she told me it was a joke. 
He never send a message from Kik. 

Over time, my mental position got worse and worse. I'd hurt myself regularly, I'd cry at nights and I'd walk around without any emotions. 
Our friendship whit my "bestie" did end before me and he ended. When she got a new phone, her e-mail app gave an error. Until she fixed it he didn't mail me even once. Fourteen days. When her phone got fixed, he started writing me immediately. 

I knew it was her. I knew it was her from the beginning but I was too hopeful to believe that someone would love me. Now I'm here, with tons ıf new friends, friends I've made after her i, because her rude actions and poisonous words left us alone in the class. However I cannot deal with it. I still hope that he was real. I cannot stand the idea about a HUMAN BEING can do such a thing to a person she called as friend. I cannot deal with it. I would love to have some advice. It's been 2 weeks since my second semester has started but I cannot go to school because she will be there. And I am afraid I may hurt myself or worse, I may hurt her at some point. 