A friend of mine is being mean, or am I sensitive?
A long time friend of mine (let’s call her Abby) has recently been a little cruel imo, but I’m not sure if it’s me. These three things happen in less than 2 days and now we’re not speaking. Also, we’re 14 and just started high school.

1: She laughed at my new haircut. I know that sounds frivolous, but Abby and this other girl were literally outright laughing. She claims she was just ‘being honest’.

2: She left me wandering. We had agreed to walk to an after school event together. She started walking without me and didn’t tell me, so I was walking around the high school, sending her a million messages trying to find her. I guessed she had left, but I didn’t want to ditch her if she hadn’t. I eventually just walked by myself. When I got there (late) it turned out she walked with two other girls (including the hair-laughing girl). When I called her out she said I was overreacting and that walking alone shouldn’t bother me (it didn’t, I was upset because she didn’t care about me) and that she wouldn’t care if the shoe was on the other foot. All I asked was that she apologize and next time *let me know* if she changed plans, which earned a sarcastic/sassy ‘we’ll sor-ry’.

3: Another friend of mine and Abby’s (it’s a trio friendship) asked to hang out (her name will be Robin). Abby didn’t come which I was kind of glad about, so it was just me and Robin. We walked around town and all. It wasn’t even very late (6:00) when this one group of guys (4 of them, 18ish) hollered at us from their car. At first we thought it was a prank, but it kept going. They did this multiple times, following us or looping back around to greet us. We were getting freaked out. So, when they loop back around again I’ve had enough. I yelled at them to F*** off.

I thought this was smart. I figured they’d either realize we weren’t having fun or something. Surprise, surprise, it made things worse. A lot worse.

Eventually, they got stuck at a light and we sprinted to a family members house nearby (who turned out had recently been hospitalized) and hid there until my Mom came.

Now, I know the F off move was incredibly dumb. I made it worse not only for myself but for my friend. Either way, the next day I was feeling guilty as hell and worried about Robin and what she thought of me and was just stressed in general. Not in a good mood.

I don’t even tell my friend what happened, she greets me with weird hints about last night. So I simply ask her to stop with these weird hints and actually talk to me. Basically, Robin told her about last night. So Abby being super nice says, to the best of my memory, “You realize your mistake, right? You understand that it was your fault. So just so you know, I have no sympathy at all.”

I know I was dumb, but hearing this after everything and what I already blamed myself for being told so bluntly and harshly at me by my friend set me off. I left and actually went and cried in the girls washroom that I know no one ever uses. I’m not sure what I expected, it was my fault, but she *greeted* me like this. No, “Hey, I heard you were followed...” or ANYTHING. Just straight up “it’s your fault I have no sympathy.” Like, Hey, nice to see you too.

Either way, we’re not talking anymore. I’ve tried to bring it up but it’s always, “I was just being honest... what did you expect? So you want me to lie? You’re being silly...” No acknowledgement. Also, this fight between me and Abby is affecting my friendship with Robin because it was a trio friendship. Also, Abby is my only friend at my school, I’m scared to be alone.

Sorry for how long this is, I think it’s sort of a rant too. What should I do? Am I completely out of line? How should I go about fixing this?

At the very least, how can I prevent this from affecting me and Robin?

