Fucked up Families- Mamas From Hell
We all got that fucked up incident in our families, right? Well, Imma vent about mine, cause it real fucked. For me at least, right, so am a naive virgin eighteen year old, wanna yknow experience sex and dig a guy and stuff, so I go on the dating apps and meet a lad, real nice too, sweet and that, I obviously am attracted to him. So we date and do all the couple stuff like movies and sex and I am on cloud nine cause he an older man so like am cool at school (super super shallow and lame but yknow, naive virgin eighteen year old trying to live up to social pressures exerted by my peers). Anyway, I like the dude, and we fall for each other, we married now with kids so we chill. Right, so a month or two in, he gets all funny on a night out and makes us go somewhere quiet away from our mates, which I dont catch onto cos yknow am like shitfaced and cant feel my face so I dont realise nothing is up at all. Right so he says to me, I shagged a girl before you and am like dude thats not a surprise yknow you told me you had women before me. That shit fair enough cause hes older and yknow its normal for partners to experiment before settling for one. And he goes well I like you, a lot, and I dont want this girl to ruin shit and am like, well I dont see how you arent still shagging her are you? he isnt still shagging her right, so yknow good boy, however, he shagged her before me, like six months before me and yknow what can happen in six months? A goddamn baby can grow in the mofo womb during that time. Hes pissed, he was like I told her it was a shag, she agreed, told me she was on the pill and it mustve glitched that month (as the story always goes) and she got preggaz. I told her to terminate (dude this is a condensed version of the story, there was emotion and shit behind it, so dont go all prolife on me, it's just a minor detail im trying get out there and passed so I can tell the rest of the story). Right, so she starts kicking off saying hes emotionally black mailing her into an abortion and talking about a baby she lost as a teen and shit and am like, okay so just back off. He did, and she came back a few months later like lol theres another guy, not sure if hes the dad or not, I think its you tho. Like, good, thanks bitch, a think its you is all the proof I need. So she sends him laods of scans and basically pretends hes her baby daddy. Annoyed me a bit cos yknow i was a teen wanting to mess round and just yknow settle with this guy and this chick is trying to like worm her way in. She makes friends with his sister on fb (weird cos he doesnt have contact with any of his family, hasnt for like four years prior that) and starts getting pally with his mum dad brothers, all of them. Tells them I was his mistress and they were a couple, they decided to have a baby, and when she got pregnant he started messing round with me, a teenage girl. Fews holes in that story but well skip ahead, and the baby is born. They get this dodgy dna that says its not admissable in court due to infrequencies or something and that close relatives (she was shagging his brother at the time too) could skewer results. Basically the baby daddy could be his bro but itll come back his cause its a shit dna. Anyway it came back the baby was his and he suddenly goes all fatherly. Doesnt see the kid for like six months then starts visits and pays maintance. Meanwhile, shes fucking round going to his family and bitching about how horrible I am being a homewrecker and all that eventho they were a shag and got with him six months after her. He wont get another dna cause he was like paid for one not doing another, and I explained the issues but he wont. ALl our children look identical, the kid has blond hair and blue eyes, me and my partner are both dark and so are our kids, (the girl in question also is dark so where the fuck blond blue eyes came from is beyond me). For months after she kept ringing me saying omg you need to put him on the phone the babys sick and he needs to visit, and if you ignore it shed up it and be like an ambulance is coming now omg its serious (it never was). The kid was in hospital like twenty times in his first week of life, each time let out with nothing serious wrong, altho she exaggurated and made out he was on the brink of death. Tries to get him to take her kids out while Im in mofo labour, giving birth and shes kicking off on the phone saying hes not spending enough time with them. Once I gave birth comes round screaming and shouting how hes off the birth certificate, how shes changing the kids name and how shes taking him to court for more money yhadda yhadda yhadda. Mama from Hell, legit worst parent and just a nightmare to deal with, the shit that baby been through already, feel sorry for it.
Your mamas from hell?