Is My Friend A Bad Friend?
I have a friend. When I moved to a foreign country, I went to a school and met this friend. We have been quite close but after I moved back to my country, we’ve only been communicating through texts. She has been a helpful friend but I don’t know if she is a good friend or a bad friend. 

There were many occasions when I wondered if I should break friends with her, but I always told myself that she didn’t mean to ever hurt me and I kept on trying my best to act like nothing was wrong and acted friendly. But I srsly can’t hold it in and I wanna know if I’m just being sensitive.. 

These are some of the things she does that makes me wonder if we should break friends..

1.We use eachother’s selfies as our profile pics and I always use the best selfies of hers or at least what I think are the best looking ones. And I sent her a video if me singing with my other friend and she took a screenshot in the middle of the video and used it as her profile pic and My mouth was wide open and my eyes were scrunched up and it really looked horrible and when I asked her to change it, she asked what I meant and that it didnt look bad. 

Sure she couldve been being nice and I could’ve been acting emotional but I really didn’t like other people who I didn’t even know seeing a photo like this so I pleaded her to change it but I tried to keep the joking and friendly mood. However then she said “Funny. U wouldn’t wanna see the other screenshot I took.” And we both didn’t say anything. And she didn’t change it. 

2.The way she texts me depends on her mood. If she isn’t feeling friendly, she barely answers my texts and replies with short answers and doesn’t laugh at anything funny I have to say.

 I wondered if I could also be acting like that at times but I looked back at our conversations and ai never let my mood change the way I replied to her, and I honestly didn’t even speak in an unfriendly way when she said something rude to me or something that made me feel offended.

3.She doesn’t act like she cares for what I have to say. Whenever something bad happens to me and I tell her, she just gives a small reaction and talks about something else.

4.She ignores my texts. There was once a time when she saw my texts and didnt reply. I asked why she didn’t reply and she saw it but ignored it. I thought that maybe she had something important going on so I just kept on texting her every few hours like nothing was wrong cuz I don’t exactly like showing others when I feel hurt. 

She read my texts and ignored me for two whole days and finally texted me back as if nothing had happened. She didn’t apologize for not replying nor did she give an explanation. She just texted me about something else she wanted to say. There were lots of cases like this.

5.She acts like she has the worst life. I go through alot of stress each day cuz I have had family troubles and sometimes had been bullied. I have also often had suicidal thoughts. 

However whenever I tell her about things that are stressing me out, she points out that her life is worse. I understand that she has her own troubles but I really dont like the way she underestimates my life and doesn’t care for it.

6.She once cyber bullied me. When I left her school and left the country, we had a small fight and she told her friends about the bad things I had once said, not mentioning her faults. She then invited me to a group chat with lots of people and they all fought against me, calling me fat,ugly,short,stupid,and dumb. They also made racial comments and insulted my mom. 

After a year passed, I texted her. I can’t believe I did it, but I said that I WAS SORRY. And she said that she forgave me and now we’re talking like friends again. 

But whenever I bring up a little detail from the past, she gets mad and says that I am blaming her for the past and makes me feel guilty for something I shouldn’t be guilty about.

7.She thinks that she is perfectly innocent. I’m not saying shes a totally horrible person, she can be a good friend at times, but I gotta admit that at times she can be horrid.. 
And whenever something bad happens to her, she says that she doesn’t get what she did to deserve it and that she is getting mistreated. 

If you think about it that way, I feel like I also deserve this, considering Im not a saint or an angel. But whenever my friend says that she didnt do anything bad to deserve some bad things that happened to her, I can’t help but feel disappointed at the fact that she doesn’t realize  how much she hurted me

What should I do..? Am I just being sensitive..?