Tipped off by someone that best friend is not okay
It's been a semester in college and people here are very interesting. 
Recently, I [F] made a best friend Theo* [M] in class. We're both in the same major, speak the same native language, and he always helps me understand the homework (he's smarter than me), meaning that we spend about 2 hours/day together, if not more. We got super close within a few weeks, and I started to develop a crush on him. But I have a boyfriend (long-distance), and my feelings for Theo were not sexual, so I resolved to think of Theo as just an older brother - it hasn't been a problem for a few weeks now. We still hang out as best friends.

My primary means of communication with him is facebook in our native language. A week before, he added me on snapchat, but we never talk on it. The other day, I got a snap with a mispelling of my name, to which I sent a question mark. The day after, I got a snap from a girl Lucy* claiming to be Theo's boyfriend, who told me she got my username from Theo. She told me that he was acting weird, and for my name w/mispelling, to look out for him since they were also long distance. 

I don't know how to approach the situation. I want to make sure that Theo is okay, since I did have some problems with suicidal/bored/lonely friends before. But he never told me that he has a girlfriend or about Lucy, and when I took to other forms of social media to find her, I couldn't find her - she wasn't in any tagged photos of Theo either. I may be completely over thinking, but I also think that Lucy has ascess to Theo's snap, which is how she got to me - meaning that I'm not sure if Theo knows that I know Lucy. If she has ascess to the snap, she could also have acess to his facebook (although I'm pretty sure she can't speak our native language).... Basically, I'm not sure how to approach him to ask if he's okay okay. I always ask how his day was, and it ranges from okay to sleepy. So if I ask if he's okay, he might ask me why I thought he wasn't okay, and I don't think I can say his girlfriend was wondering - we don't talk about relationship stuff, I don't think he know I have a boyfriend, although this is posted all over my social media.
Going down a rabbit hole - please help!