Shoudl I just stop being friends with this guy?
I made a post on this subreddit a couple days ago. I thought that all my friends disliked me because I am mean to them, but for a solid 2-3 days I was the nicest I had been to anyone for what I remember, I asked all my friends how their days were, bought them food, listened to them. And it worked, they all are my very good friends now, but there is just one problem, the person who I considered my BEST friend is being a dick. Once I get attached to someone it’s hard for me to let go. For example, in my previous relationship, I hated my gf, and I hated being with her, talking to her, I found her annoying, I never broke up with her, then, one day she decidedI was neglecting her so she said she wanted to break up, I begged her to stay even though I hated everything about her. We still end up breaking up, afterwards I was soo happy. Now, this person who I considered to be my BEST friend makes fun of me all the time for getting dumped by a girl and saying “you got left by an ugly girl for a gay guy.” This sentence aline can tell you about his personality and how bad of a person he is. Today, my scho went to a ski park, I enjoyed my day, had fun, everythkng was fine. On the bus ride back to school, I was talking to my so called “best friend.” He randomly went up to a girl I didn’t know and told her I liked her, she then said “I don’t care.” I don’t know if this was a rejection or just a simple “I don’t care” but I didn’t really care because I didn’t find her attractive at all. I laugh it off and end up saying the word “nigga.” Now, I am what you would call a mulatto. I am bi-racial, half black, half white. After I said this word, a girl sitting behind me called me a racist. I then say that i’m half black and she says “I know.” This was embarrassing, I get made fun of a lot because of the tone of my skin and my ethnicity, it’s one if the things that still get to me. Moving on, he proceeds to point at me and laugh, then, scream at me saying I got rejected by the girl I didn’t even like or ask out. I stood up on the bus and accidentally touched a girl’s tit, she got very mad and I apologized but you could tell she was still mad. We get to school and he starts pushing me into doors and lockers, he is much bigger than me and I couldn’t really push him back easily. The day ends then we take the bus back home, me and this kid are on the same bus and he says, “you’re gross, nobody likes you and you got rejected by the ugliest girl in school. That’s why you got dumped by an ugly bitch.” And he walked away, as i’m walking home, I was talking to some friends and they treat me like a fucking human, they were nice, didn’t insult me, and treated me nicely. I got home and here I an, what should I do, he has managed to get the whole school to believe I am a perv, racist, ugly, nobody. It’s actually funny, he was the first person to ever talk to me, he was nice to me but after a while it just turned out he was a bad person, I wish one of the other guys were first to approach me, i’d have much better friends. What do I do, it’s one one of the hardest things to dispel gossip, everybody thought I was gay when I first came to the school, I got a girlfriend, suspicion gone, but how am I gunna disprove im not racist, not a perv, and how the hell am I supposed to deal with this “friend” if mine?