Help...Relationship with my depressed, mentally messed up friend
This is my first time posting on reddit, sorry if I have made any mistakes.

This post is gonna be quite long. To start with, my friend and I are both 15 year olds living in Hong Kong and we study in the same school. She is a great person, very special, someone I can never forget. The problem is that she is the kind of person who smiles in front of people but is actually depressed. And I feel like I will just make things worse.

Because of her laughs and near-crazy actions, nobody knows her true feelings. In fact she constantly complains about everything, being unpopular, being immature, the education system here, her online friends, just to mention a few. She is tired and feels like a loser all the time. Games and cosplaying is the only way she escapes from reality. I don't mind listening to rants. It's ok to be sad. But I seriously do not know how to respond when she comes up with questions related to suicide.

During lessons my friend would show me long paragraphs about her self hate and ask for my reply. A typical example of our conversation: "Why am I so unpopular?" "..." "WHY AM I SO UNPOPULAR." "...maybe you have different hobbies and interests from most people?" Then she starts to regret her choices, why did she choose to study in this school, if she had been in another school, she would have been happier... etc.

In her letters, she questioned about the meaning of life. She wrote about "nightmares", "thought crimes" and "leaving the endless circle of life". That left me terrified. All I could do is to sit next to her speechless. If I said something wrong she would just jump off from the roof. Not to mention all those confusing philosophical questions. I can never give an answer simply because I don't know how.
I once asked the school social workers how to talk to a depressed friend. Her advice was literally trash, and I ended up crying when I talked about her suicidal thoughts. I have no idea what to do. The next day when you see her at the school gates, she puts on that smile again, but she definitely has problems.

Anyone has experience in dealing with such friends? Depressed friends who smiles all the time? It sounds weird to ask what I can do for you, because she normally won't respond (at least I think so). What should I (or should not) say to her?