my parents created me and ruined me
my mother got pregnant with me just before she turned 15 and has always lived in a bad environment this lead to her using drugs and misusing alcohol. my father is 4 years older then my mother so he was 19 when my mother got pregnant. none of this is a problem other then my mothers bad choices. my parents split up when I was a baby and so growing up I was fed lies about both my life became a contest of who id love the most. lots of other things happen around the time I turn 10 and I then I started to live with my father and my three half brothers where taken away. my father never really did anything to help me cope with the separation and my mother has ran away by the time I found out. for the last 5 years my mother would occasionally contact me and talk about how things will change but nothing ever did.
 within the second year of me living with my father him and his wife decide to have a baby this happens and I get a new brother  who I am extremely attached to and love so much. This was fine until I was being neglected and cast out by my stepmother because I'm not her child and she didn't want me in the first place, she was just to desperate not to lose my father. so now that they have a baby things go her way a lot more. ( none of my family on my fathers side like my stepmother as she had a much better childhood and has become very stuck up from it ) I then stop spending as much time with them as I began to feel unwanted and my father has now become a very angry and belittling man who is uninterested in anything other than his laptop and phone. they began punishing me harshly for small things and neglecting my needs for example feeding me. because I had to earn my money to buy my own food if I didn't do everything they asked they wouldn't give me the money I needed to eat. so when I was 14 I started to lose weight as i had recently  met a boy that I liked and we would go for walks  and the obvious reason was that I couldn't afford to eat everyday but I did as my grandmother was secretly feeding me and giving me everything I needed and wanted as she noticed that I wasn't getting it. because my father and his wife are both very large people and visibly overweight they became angry that I was losing weight. they would regularly humiliate me in front of my relatives saying that I'm starving myself ( I wasn't I just really liked my now boyfriend and he enjoys walking)  the older I got the worse it become until it got to  my 16th birthday where it had gotten to the point they had gotten me my provisional driving licence and the cbt lesson so I can get a moped. this may seem nice but up until this point my birthday was just a garneted meal for me. they had also told my family to only give me money which they have taken and refused to give back no this day. their motive for doing this for me was so I had transport to the job they where forcing me to get so I had to start paying rent for my room.(my room is the place where things my father has that she doesn't like goes. this wasn't a problem to me as my father spends more money than he has on some really cool stuff) also useful information they claim money for me and have never told me this so they would also make me earn everything that I had and most of the things I had I paid for myself with the money I earned by doing everything they didn't want to do like pick my brother up from his school when he started going to the school playgroup. the only thing I didn't pay for was my phone.  when I was 15 I became qualified to look after children so they decided to misuse this and make me look after my brother more than I would have liked coz it took time away from my social life and school work. they would promise to pay for my time but they never did and in fear I would be punished and made to do more work without pay I didn't say anything. 
on the day of my cbt my stepmother dropped me there and then left to go see her family for the rest of the day. this is fine but I unfortunately couldn't do the practical text which was driving on the road so they sent me home early. I was stranded in a town that was very far  from the town I live in and had nobody to come get me. but luckily I found my friend shopping in the town with her brother and I went home with them. while on the way home I had text my stepmother explaining I wasn't ready to do the practical test, as it was too dangerous because I couldn't control the bike well enough to drive on a road safely. a few minuets later my father begins texting me angrily saying that ive wasted their money and to get a job ad pay for everything myself because I had apparently refused to get on the bike and just left the lesson. because of this I got home and packed a bag and went to my mothers parents house to stay and I had no intention of ever going back to live with my father and still don't as it has been 5 months since I left.
when I first left I stayed at my mothers parents house which was two towns away from where my father lives. that only lasted for a night though and in that space of time he had come there to see me and bring me my phone as I had left it ( he had a tracking devise on it so he always new where I was) and has started texting me on my Facebook saying that I am just like my mother and lots of other horrible things like I'm on drugs and pregnant and that I'm a slut and he also said he was going to get my boyfriend arrested. within a week I lived in the same town as my father as I still have to attend school but I am still refusing to go back I now live with my grandmother ( fathers mother
) and occasionally live at my boyfriends house for a week or so depending how I feel . 
within these last two months I have been in contact with social services as I want my things and money back and I also want contact with my brother but I don't want my father or his wife  to be present during the contact as I want nothing to do with them . 
last week I went there with my friends that have been helping me through the satiation of seeing my brother and his wife made him tell us to get out and them when I decided to leave she slammed the door on us at first then came out saying I'm not aloud to see him again. during this time I have found out that my father has lied to me about things all my life for example he always told me that he didn't know how old my mother was. this was proven to be a lie as my mother now lives not to fa away from me as she just got out of prison and she and others have told me about how my father attended her 16th birthday party and by then she was pregnant . I know am extremely confused about trusting people and have developed some sort of mental illness that my doctor has ignored to help me with. I'm now experiencing depressive and hyperactive episodes and will tend to black out and forget thing that have happened during long 
amounts of time . I don't know how to handle this situation can someone please give me advice on getting help and moving on with my life.    