Am I in a bad friendship?
I have this friend and he's actually really fun and quite an extrovert. He's cheerful most of the time. But the thing is he has anger issues and he gets pissed off at people and stuff easily including me. Whenever i play games like league of legends with him he gets so mad at me for stuff that i didn't even do and even at one point filed a complaint and wrote stuff that was completely false about me. And I used to ask him questions sometimes via text and he'd always respond but then he'd say "you could've at least said hi". So one time i just said a simple hi to him and you know what? he said "I'm really not in the mood for a pointless hi" and he seemed really moody to me especially for some reason and then he typed something "you know i really dont know why you bother..." i couldnt read the rest because he deleted it. But whats weird is he still wants to play league with me and stuff which i find stupid because i know hes just gonna get angry at me again and only me. he never gets angry at anyone else he plays with in that game and it makes me feel sick. So i just stopped messaging him in general. and one time he said "you know i dont know why im so aggressive to you so lets just forget that happened" and i didnt say much and he said "i know you dont have much to say and i dont care so lets just forget". He didnt even say sorry for being so mean to me. To me it just looked like someone that was trying to clean up the pile of junk he left so he doesnt need to think of it later. It makes me feel so sick to think of. And sometimes he calls me a bitch and a hoe. Like really? Why would you call your friend that? I never called him anything like that. One time he was trying to talk to me and a bunch of other people were talking over him so I couldn't hear him. Then he said "yo bitch". I really wanted to punch him in the face that was really hurtful like I have a name cant you at least say my dam name? Sometimes I just hate him so much and its sad because hes a fun person but he just gets stupidly pissed off and says whatever he wants without thinking how hurtful or rude it is.