I Feel Lonely and Scared I'll End Up Friendless. Need an Ear.
Ive come to the realization that I'm really scared I'll end up with no friends. I used to be the type who kept in touch with friends for years. But, I have either lost touch with or outgrown every friend I had in high school. 

The new ones I made in college are nice people for the most part and ended up being my roommate group (since sophomore year. I'm a 2nd semester junior.). But every friend group has their faults. And with this one, I don't feel like I fit in completely. 

4 out of the 7 of them are know-it-alls who will try to correct you on every little thing (like one time I was exaggerating and saying somewhere had 100x more people, and one of them came out of their room and said "Um, I think it's actually 1000x more people.") Those 4 are also really uptight, don't get my sense of humor for the most part and seem like they're always trying to school me on what's appropriate (MIND YOU I NEVER JOKE ABOUT RACE OR OPPRESSED GROUPS OR ANYTHING OFF LIMITS LIKE THAT.). I just don't always feel seen or appreciated or like my intelligence is respected. There's also one I don't even like that much (no matter how much I've tried) because she has an arrogant, self-aggrandizing, my-way-or-highway attitude. 

The point is I don't always feel in sync with them. Even the ones I do feel in sync with, I don't feel like they reach out to me nearly as much as I reach out them (when we're not in school). And I don't like one-sided friendships. I'm worried we won't stay friends after undergrad. 

Also this year, 2 of them are graduating and I have to find a new roommate to fill in the spot that'll be in my room. I'll admit, I didn't make enough effort to hang out with people outside of my dorm, and everyone had settled into their friend groups so it's harder to make friends now with the people at my school. I don't know what to do. 

Part of me feels this is my fault for not getting a single in the first place, and trying to join this friend group when it was already established. They eventually came to see me as a member, and we've had good times but I don't know that these are "my people".

And part of me wants to get a single room next year, but I feel like I'll just be jumpstarting my social isolation and I'm also scaredy new roommates might be lunatics. 

Tl;dr - I've lost touch/outgrown my high school friends, don't fit in with my college friends, and am scared to end up alone without any friends. Need advice. 