Am I being a bad friend or is she?
Hey, I'm kind of new to Reddit but I kinda need an opinion on a situation and I really hope the person I'm talking about never reads this. 

I have this close friend, (let's call her P) and lately, P and I have been having some problems. 

P is annoyed because she thinks I don't spend enough time with her. She's in one of my classes so I see her every other day for 2 hours but that isn't enough for her and she wants me dedicate my lunch time to her and spend more time texting her. She gets upset about this to the point where she sends me accusatory/passive aggressive texts during lunch about my location. Now keep in mind, I'm an honors student and I usually have club meetings or classwork to do during lunch periods and I barely see my other friends, who I'm much closer to and don't share many classes with, because of this.  
I'd be happy to spend time with her in a group of my friends (who she's also friends with) and spend time everyone but she gets mad or upset when I try to talk to my best friends.
Also, I don't really like her personality sometimes. She's kind of vain and she flirts with my friends and she likes a lot of guys for simple reasons (i.e. this one guy who's really friendly waves at her every time he sees her in the halls and she had a crush on him for two months because of that even though he wasn't interested). And she always talks about herself and gets jealous of my friendship with the waving guy she liked, to the point where I've stopped talked to him so she doesn't tell me about her dreams in which I make out with the guy in front of her and make her really jealous. 
However, she cut off most of her ties with her former friend group because they talked behind her back about how she only talks about herself and the current guy she has a crush on. 
I understand her situation and that she feels like she's losing her only friend but I really don't like being controlled and walked on.
I also feel bad about her situation and I don't want her to cry, make me look like a bad person and talk behind my back to my friends/twist the situation (which she has done before) and my friends are either telling me to cut it off with her or that I'm overreacting and a bad friend so I'm posting on here for a second, unbiased opinion. Help?


