Cousin I’ve not seen for 25+ years trash talking me to my son (sorry long post)
I just need a rant and maybe some advice on what to tell my son. 

My youngest son (15) came home last night and said he was invited to a party this weekend and could he go, after all the ‘mum checks’ I gave permission. 

He then proceeded to tell me that the mum of his friend ‘hates me and that I hate her’ and I found this odd as I don’t particularly hate anyone and certainly not one of his acquaintances mums. 

It turns out that she is a cousin of mine who I haven’t seen for 25+ years since the death of our grandfather, her father accused me of stealing my grandads Home and contents, not true but I did care for my grandfather at his home, that I bought, and my grandfather lived rent (and bill) free for 2 years prior to his death. 

When he passed away, my uncle said he wanted things from the home for himself (I had no issue with that) and when my uncle (this lady’s dad) said he wanted the TV I said he could take the rent book for it too (my grandad rented it from a local place). My uncle was pissed but accepted that it was rented. I also put into boxes all the things my grandad had willed my aunts and uncles for them to take away after the funeral - some couldn’t bear to and I put it in storage for them to take at a later date. 

Now I’ve lived in my home since then and over the years changed the house to my taste and extended it. Unbeknownst to myself (until last night) each time I changed something my uncle has bad mouthed me to other family members and run me down, convincing others that I stole the house from them (was a rental property when my grandfather moved in and it was myself who purchased it). Over the years I have noticed that my family are not very communicative with me but I’ve put it down to initially my brothers death (4 years after my grandad) and then my mums (a few years later). But after speaking to others in the family last night I’ve discovered what has been said about me. 

Now I don’t particularly give a damn about what’s said about me but I am upset that my cousin has told my son that I hate her, he is autistic and things like this stick in his head. Last night I just said something like ‘I don’t know the lady how can I hate her? And is that something you think I would do?’ To which he agreed that it wasn’t something I’d say/do. 

My problem is the party, the parents are going to be there (one of the reasons I’m allowing him to go) and I’m concerned that they will trash talk me to him and how do I explain to him that some people just believe what they want regardless of what the truth is? I don’t want to give him all this information before he goes as it’s not really a problem unless my cousin makes it one, of you see what I mean. 

Thank you if you made it this far and any advice would be appreciated. 