My Friend is Draining Me
Apologies, this is a very long post!

I’ve been good friends with a girl for around 10 years since we were teenagers. She moved overseas around 5 years ago. She used to be such a fun, bubbly and funny person until she met her boyfriend around 3 years ago. Looking back, I can see that she was a always bit crazy and insecure (her father is emotionally abusive and tells her she’s worthless and stupid), but meeting him seems to have exacerbated all her bad qualities. She has a really low self esteem and perception issues when it comes to relationships. She also has OCD.

She was, and still is OBSESSED with her now ex boyfriend. They had an on off relationship where she thought it was normal to call him “just ten times” in one day, and would get upset and not be able  “sleep or eat” if he doesn’t reply, thinks talking on the phone three times a day is not much, they pushed and shoved each other, she hit him, he talked to other girls and acted like she wasn’t his girlfriend, she’d call his voicemail just to hear his voice, he threatened to hurt her, she considered going to a shitty college just to be near him, etc.. basically an abusive and obsessive relationship with awful communication.

Every time she messages me, she’ll ask how I am and ask a few questions, and then steer the conversation back to her numerous problems and her ex. About how she’s so poor (goes out every second night and goes on shopping sprees), how she’s really sad (but won’t see a counselor because she’s “too poor”), how she wants to be confident and independent (goes back to the ex repeatedly and doesn’t listen to any of the advice I give her), tells me she can’t eat or sleep because she’s heartbroken (I told her I was eventually okay after I broke up with an ex, but she brushed it off as I hadn’t gone out with him for as long and how she gave everything to her ex). She also says how I’m so lucky to live with my boyfriend and how I have such an amazing life, as if she’s the only person in the world that has problems.

I’ve talked to her multiple times about how talking about her ex all the time and her problems is effecting me (as well as her other friends), and how she should really see a professional as this behavior is really hurting her. She always apologizes and says that she didn’t realize how it might make me annoyed, and she’ll send me an inspirational video or inspirational words, and asking about me before going back to changing the topic so she can talk about herself, her ex and how it’s so hard for her right now, how she feels suffocated and her heart is broken. I understand that people go through hard times in their lives, but this has lasted at least 3 years. I’ve always said how I’ll be there for her and that if she needs to talk to someone, I’ll listen, but I’m starting to feel that this is a one way relationship.

The frustrating thing is that she says she agrees to everything I say, and how’s shes going to change, but nothing has changed! She says she’s more confident and doing this and that to help herself, but she just plasters selfies and videos of herself going out with people to try and convince people that she’s having an amazing time. 

I don’t want to just ignore her, but I don’t think talking to her again will do anything. I’ve been nice, brutally honest, and even angry at her and nothing has changed. She’s stuck in her own tragic world and I’m realizing that maybe she thrives in this drama, and that she’s lonely and needs a boyfriend’s attention to validate her self worth . Our other mutual friend has cut ties with her due to this. I think I have put up with this for so long as we’re not living in the same country.. 

Sorry about the long rant and formatting, I’m on my cellphone.

TL;DR friend who lives overseas is emotionally draining me every time I talk to her. I have already talked to her about it multiple times, but she always goes back to her old ways.