How should i deal with angry best friend
Hi guys so basically in the past year ever since I started dating a boy (he was my best friend for the most part in high school) my current best friend (a girl in my friendship group also from highshcool) and i have gotten into many fights .

These fights are mainly about her arguing that she is no longer my number one priority and that she is just second priority to my boyfriend . I do not think this is true and they are both important to me but In very different ways - he in a romantic way and she in a friendship way.

She recently came back from overseas and I organised to meet up with her and we did. I never heard from her initiating a meet up for the next few weeks or so but I finally did initiate a catch up with her after hearing nothing from her for weeks. however this plan fell through because I ended up having a work shift. 

Yesterday my best friend had invited me to catch up with her before she went to work (she had work at 1pm)and I messaged her asking if we could hang out until 12pm. She asked me why I couldn’t stay until 1 with her till she had to go to work and I explained it’s bevause I had invited my boyfriend over for lunch and movies at my house (this catch up with my boyfriend was meant to be another day but got postponed to the same day as my catchup with my best friend due to him getting sick). 

She got very angry and told me she now does not want to see me at all and cancelled the catchup because she said she felt second priority. She said She shouldn’t have to change her plans for my boyfriend who I see so much more compared to her (I would love to see her more but she never plans anything with me or when I do ask her when she’s free she always has family plans ?) 

She also brought up the previous weeks events of me cancelling our plans due to me having work and got angry with me for never trying to find another day to make up for these cancelled plans 

I tried explaining to her how important she is to me and how I don’t see her as second priority or never meant to make her feel like second priority but she is giving me silent treatment or being passive aggressive .

I am tired of having to prove to her that she is important to me and I am tired of this drama .

My boyfriend is so wonderful and he is always there for me and replies to me instantly and we share many things on a personal level (emotionally physically etc) so to me it seems natural that I will try and adjust my plans to try and accommodate him - as he does so much for me that nobody else does, not even my best friend. 
so I don’t understand why she expects to be higher in priority than my bf and isn’t happy with being the same priority as him? 

I am tired and confused. Don’t know how to respond to her passive and blunt messages to me after I tried apologising and explaining 

Please help