Having to share a small living space with Grandpa
My grandpa and I are having trouble adjusting to our new living situation, and I was wondering if anyone had any ideas to help us in this predicament.

Backstory:

I never really saw eye to eye with him while growing up. He was quite the wild prankster, and his antics often left me humiliated and embarrassed. Back in my boyhood of 1991, he pantsed me while I performed at the school talent show. He routinely mentions this while at family gatherings, and it has subsequently caused me extreme grief. This trend of surprise humiliation lasted for two decades. Just when I thought me and gramps were cool again, I'd feel my pants hit the ground. He's  deprived me of my sanity, as well as given me an extreme fear of public speaking scenarios. I ended up forcing him to go to family counseling with me, and he denied the whole thing. After turning in historical footage (my mom always cam-corded my recitals or graduation ceremonies), he finally gave in and admitted to his rude behavior. It took a couple dozen sessions, ending with a mock-talent-show, where I played my trumpet for the therapist. Gramps just sat there, cool as ice. With arms folded, he nodded to me - and that's where things changed.

Anyhow, I had an extra ticket to go see Teagan and Sara - so I got ol' gramps on the phone. He kinda razzed me for listening to such feminine sounding music, but eventually accepted my invitation. I picked him up and brought him to the venue. The ticket office said there was a mixup, and that we'd get front-row seats. This was my lucky day, as well as a great way to finally bond with the old codger. 

It took a couple of songs, but he really got into it. He was so exuberant, jumping up and down on his seat. He pulled me up, and I did the same. After the first half of the set wrapped up, the sisters on stage looked down at gramps and I. They asked us if we were having a good time, and also the nature of our relation. A stage hand passed down a microphone to gramps. 

"I'm here with my grandson!"

There was this big 'awwww' that came from the crowd. They asked us how long he'd been a fan, and he mentioned the fact that I would sometimes play their songs on my trumpet. To my amazement, they pulled me and gramps on stage for the next song. They got me a trumpet and instructed me to play a solo to "I was a fool" - It was literally one of the best moments of my life. I was on stage with my favorite sister duet band.

Right as I put the brass mouthpiece to my lips, I felt those wrinkly little fingers jutting into my belt loops. I tried to stop him, but my pants hit the ground before I could react. I wanted to die in that moment. Security ended up escorting us out of the venue, where a police officer was waiting for us.

Now we're both cell mates for the next year. We got caught in some type of legal double-whammy. He, being the pantser, was ruled guilty for sexual assault. Me, the pants-ee, was convicted of exposure and indecency. Both of us will have to register as sex offenders once we're out of the clink. 

Anyhow - I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions on how we could pass the time together? Any board games or things like that? We have a whole year of time to kill, and it really took being cellmates for me to understand exactly how generation gapped we are. Anyhow, your advice is greatly appreciated. I gotta hide this phone, but I'll check for your replies later tonight. 

Thanks!