Relationship with my Dad
Hey, I post this as I need help on how to deal with the situation on my relationship with my Dad. Don't get me wrong, I do love him- however I am not sure that I like him to the extent that he likes me. By like, I mean as a "buddy" relationship, we have similar interests and we talk about these interests a lot, but his personality irritates me and we have gotten in a lot of arguments, of which I never convince him.

I am currently in University, I am living on campus (this is the first time living on my own), and I must say: I am absolutely loving it. Having my first time being independent has made me feel much better. Mainly because I am away from home. I have this thing where I just want to be independent, not influenced by other people's views/thoughts (my Dad mainly). A couple of years ago my Mum and Dad broke up, I stayed with my Dad as I did not agree with what my Mum had done. Me and my Dad were always close as we are both into Gaming and watching TV shows etc... but it is only recently that I have realized I dislike him. 

My Dad can be quick at losing his temper, he lives by the policy of Honesty (which is a good trait), but at the same time- he is completely contradicting. In arguments we get into, I explain my view and so does he, however he turns my view against me and then later apoligises for not understanding, making sure he will listen better in future. This never happens. This has persisted over the years and it makes me feel uneasy talking to him about anything. I then feel guilty about not wanting to talk to him. Which brings me to my next issue.

He talks to me daily. Once in morning, some points during the day and then at night. I understand this is his first time living alone too, but I need my space and it is physically and mentally draining having to talk to him. Especially as I feel forced to keep the conversation going. Pretty much the majority of the conversation is me talking about my day, my thoughts on things and anything interesting that happened. He briefly mentions his stuff, but then there is silence. I try to keep the conversation flowing, but it does NOT feel natural at all. It is not like the conversations I have with my friends or other members of the family. Which again, makes me feel guilty when I want to hang up. I really have tried to change my perspective. 

It is getting close to moving back home (I am a first year student) and will be commuting from my home town to University for the upcoming years at Uni. I am really not looking forward to this. I am enjoying spending time AWAY from home, to avoid my Dad. Now I am going to have to live with him for the next few years. 

Now I do love him, and he does everything for me. He is trying to pay off my Student loans so I feel comfortable, and I have been saving for my deposit that I will put on a house after my time at Uni. But the issue is, I really want independence. I feel guilty that I want to live in the city where my Uni is and work to pay joint rent with friends. This way I learn the world of work, but that comes with having higher stress as I'd have to work and study. Which is what my dad doesn't agree with. And trying to explain to him that I want to learn the world of work does not compute with him. As rationally speaking, there are many more benefits of me commuting. And I cannot win, I really can't. He wants me to get the best oppotunity I can in life, and make sure that I get my Masters. But, he is deciding and forcing my path for me. I feel restricted and it makes me feel down most days for each time I have to talk to him. It just reminds me of the next 3 years being stuck at home with him, him thinking we have this great relationship where I just prefer literally anything else. 

Thank you.