I can't forgive her, no matter how hard I try
I'm focusing on improving myself and working through repressed emotions from a difficult upbringing, namely with my grandmother. I am currently staying with her but thankfully I am already making plans and taking steps to move out within the next 5 months or so. I have stayed on and off the last several years and before I became an adult, I lived with her from birth.

We have a complicated relationship. Although I appreciate the things she has done for me - and she often tries to make me happy by buying me something or getting me food I like, etc. - I can't seem to let go of the deep seated anger and resentment I feel toward her for the mistakes she has made and how she has also been cruel to me.

I understand no one is perfect; adults aren't always ideal role models to kids. But my grandmother had a unique way of mentally and emotionally hurting me as a child. She would often act like I was her partner in crime [in the absence of a husband] and made me feel responsible for her happiness. She would try to talk bad about my mom so I wouldn't favor her [my mom wasn't living with us and had mental issues]. She would give me the cold shoulder, or say things to incite anxiety and guilt in me if I happened to act like I wanted to spend more time with my mom or got in a bad mood. 

It confuses me because I think deep in my heart I DO want a happy relationship with her...or maybe I try so hard out of guilt, knowing she has tried to make it up to me, I guess? But every so often I implode and I tell her how much she bothers me or even that I hate her. Sometimes even hearing the sound of her voice is enough to make me want to scream in irritation. I feel terrible about it and like I'm a monster. I always feel guilty when she tells me 'you're the only one who is really special to me, you're the only one I have.' [She doesn't have a close relationship with mom, her other D, or siblings.] Maybe I get angry because to me, this doesn't feel normal, it feels like I'm being trapped. 

I'm seeing a DBT therapist but we aren't making progress about this ... yet. I just wish this was not my life. I'm not looking for solutions per say, just sympathy or someone who also understands. It's so exhausting. 