How to get over my ex best friend
Ok so all throughout high school (I graduated high school 4 years ago) I had a best friend. We were sisters literally thought we would be friends forever. We graduated I got into my first relationship and we drifted apart and she never really let me know how she felt. She told me one day she wishes I would stop talking about him so much and that kind of was like ok cool that kind of sucks but not a big deal. Being in my first relationship that I’m currently still in it sucked not being able to talk about it because I was so excited. Anyways months passed and we got into an argument and basically we ended our friendship because she thought I was an awful friend because I was too busy for her. Fast forward a year after that we started talking again (I reached out, I always do) we started being “friends” again but it felt so awkward. Honestly though she’s the only one who was ever angry and made things not feel the same. On her 21st birthday she invited everyone to her party at her house but me and told me it was because we didn’t talk much and she didn’t want awkward vibes at her house. After that I just unfollowed her on social media and we didn’t talk at all. I messaged her over the summer congratulating her to see she was taking a trip to China and then she messaged me on my birthday. This all happened in 2017 so our friendship has been fucked up for like 2 years now. Because I deleted her number a while ago I decided to reach out and talk to her on Instagram saying happy birthday and hope she was doing well and she never replied and I know she saw it. So our friendship is dead. I’ve known it’s been dead too for like 2 years now but how do I stop being so damn hurt? I think it hurts even more because she truly doesn’t give a fuck and she was my best friend ever. I wish I could go back and do something else to fix it. Idk lately I’ve cried so much. I haven’t been able to find a good friend like her again even though she wasn’t THAT great. How can I stop obsessing over our friendship and just let it go? I constantly look at her Instagram to see how she’s doing and it just really sucks. :( 