How I Learned About My Birthfather... &amp; My Brother?
I remember when I was around 11, my little cousin, Lily, who was 6, came from Cuba to the U.S. with her parents. They stayed in our home for a few months until they were able to find a place. 

Right before they left for their new home; I was on my computer, I was 12, playing educational computer games. My family is chattering/gossiping in the living room per usual. I never had any interest in the family gossip, I just wanted to be in my own little space/world. Lily was not like that at all, she loved to listen-in on family drama. It was not long until Lily came barging into the room saying:    
"I know a secret."    
"What?"    
"Roberto isn't your real dad."    
"Liar."    
"I'm not lying, they're talking about it!"    
"I don't believe you, so just leave me alone."    
"Just ask your mom."

After that she left the room and the seed of doubt was planted in my head. I did not think twice of it at that moment. It sure as hell bothered the hell out of me for days.. then weeks.. and eventually to months, to almost a year.

It wasn't long after, I started to doubt it myself. I did not really look like my father, Roberto. He was light-medium brown skin color, I had pale skin with freckles. My mother had a light tan. Things that I did not notice before started to bother me. The difference in skin color, I did not have his last name, there were not baby pictures of him holding me. I did not feel a connection to this man. I was 13, almost 14, when I decided to confront my mom about it while she was organizing important documents. There was something about this that was bugged me was that... I KNEW the answer to her question BEFORE she could respond. I was 99.9% sure already, but I still had that 0.1% in order to fully believe it.    
"Mom, can I ask you something?"    
"What?"    
"Is Roberto my real dad?"    
"No."    
"Who is?"    
"I can't talk right now, I'm busy."    

It was at that moment that I knew she did not really care to talk about it. Of course, I would bring it up again and she would brush it off just the same. "I'm busy," or "Not right now." After a while, I stopped communicating with my mother and our relationship has suffered, to this day, because of it. It was not long after my mother asked for a divorce to my step-father. I remember her sitting me down on the couch and talking to me through it. I did not have a strong relationship with Roberto to begin with, it hurt to an extent, but it was not something that I felt devastated over. She did end up telling me that she married Roberto to provide me a father figure.  

On my 14th birthday, Roberto tells my mother and aunt that we need to leave the house permanently. The day after my birthday, we packed up our things the same day and left. All of this happened one week before school started, I was going to start high school. It was hard for the first few months, and around that time I started to get more curious about my birthfather as Roberto was separating himself from the picture. So I began to research him, ask my mother (always backfires on me), and listening to family gossip. One of the few things I caught was that my mother came into the U.S. legally, unknowingly pregnant. When she began to go see the doctors for a check-up, that is when she found out she was pregnant. Got married to my step-father, Roberto, when I was 2yrs, and from there I believed he was my father all along up until I asked her.

On April 20th, 2017 I received a random friend request on Facebook. The last name was exactly like my last name and strangely enough, looking at this guy's profile picture, he looked a lot like me -- strange. It took me a few days of speculation to finally grow the balls to accept the friend request after 6 days, April 25th.    
"May I ask who you are? And do you have any relationship to Alexander?"    
"I am his son. From what I see, you're my sister."    
From there he asked for my phone number. I was still skeptical and asked for details such as my birthfather's birthday and my mother's name to prove it. Once it was proven, I gave him me information. I found out I had a little brother in Cuba, he turned just 19 this year in January. My birthfather and his family were in Cuba. My brother 3½ yrs younger than me. It is absolutely crazy thinking how I was raised as an only child, while he was raised knowing I existed somewhere in the world. I still have trouble wrapping my head around this.

I video chatted with my birthfather, Alexander, and brother, Lazaro, for hours. My father was crying. I did not get the full details on HOW they found me, it was hard to understand -- the Internet connection was extremely bad and it costs a lot of money to communicate from Cuba to the United States. I saw my grandparents for the first time. My grandfather was crying on the webcam and my grandmother was crying as well. They looked so happy and kept telling me that they prayed to God every day to just see me and that I was happy/healthy. We all laughed, we cried, we smiled. It was bittersweet. We asking questions and answering them through smiles, tears, and laughter. 

Unfortunately, a lot of time has passed, and that would be the first and only time I would have seen my grandmother. She died unexpectedly on December 24th, 2017. (R.I.P. Abuela Ramona) 

Hopefully, I can make a trip out to Cuba this year so that I can meet my family. My mother will not be joining me on my trip as she does not want to be part of that. I am not mad at my mother, I am just disappointed in the way she kept such a secret from me. I do not trust her on the same level as I did prior to all of it. My hands are shaking as I write all of this down. I am still trying to wrap my head around it. It is 2018 now and I will be planning a trip this summer to see them hopefully. The realization is hitting me that I am anxious beyond belief. I felt as though I babbled a little too much, but I needed to get this all out. This was therapeutic for me. I am going to sleep now, good night ladies and gentlemen. Sleep well.

I will be making a new post about meeting them. Thank you for reading.