My wife wants another baby, I don't. Are we headed for divorce?
Hi all,  I'm not sure if this is the right sub for this so let me know if it's not.  The title pretty much is why I'm here but let me give you some background.  

My wife and I dated for about a year before she got pregnant.  We quickly got married and had our first girl in 2005.  In 2008 we had our son, followed by our third, another girl, in 2009.  We were crazy busy for a while there and things finally calmed down a few years ago.  We made up for that by deciding that we should move to a nicer area.  We live in Vancouver where property costs a fortune.  To afford that, my wife had to go back to work full time.  She had been working 3 days a week.  She is a teacher so she still gets the summers, Christmas and spring break at home with the kids.  She kind of half joked about having a fourth child before the move but when we moved it was clear that we couldn't afford another baby.

Now we've been in our new home for about 1.5 years.  The kids have made new friends, settled into their new school and sports teams.  Our oldest will be heading to high school next year.

Now my wife wants a new baby.  She is obsessed with it.  It's all she thinks about and all she talks about.  She says the kids are getting older and they're not going to need her soon and she's getting depressed about it.  Every couple weeks it boils over and we fight or she bursts into tears again.

I don't want another baby.  Our youngest is 8, our oldest is 12.  I don't want to go back there.  I've moved on from the baby stage and I love where we're at right now.  We are crazy busy with sports and activities most of the year (hockey x2, baseball x3, swimming, art class, etc....).  I am happy where we are, I don't feel like anything is missing, there's no hole in my life.

If we were to have another baby, we'd have to move again.  Change the kids schools again.  Have the kids meet new friends again and join new sports teams again.  I don't want to do that to them.  I've also been carrying the financial burden for the last 12 years as my wife had finally give back to work full time.  I'm not saying she wasn't working at home taking care of the kids, she was.  I am saying that if we missed a mortgage payment, that was on me and it's stressful and it's nice to have some sort on that department once again.

I don't really know what to do, I'm afraid we're headed for a divorce but that's the last thing I want.  Should I have a baby so she won't divorce me?  What if we're in the same spot eight years from now when the baby starts to grow up a bit.  I asked her if she would go speak to a counselor with me but she says it won't change her mind that she wants another baby.