What's wrong with my dad and what should I do about him?
(sorry for the long post)
I wasn't sure where to post this, so I just put it under r/family.
A bit of background info: My parents have been divorced since I was 4.
For as long as I can remember, my dad's been threatening the things I like to keep me in line. When I was 5 or 6, I had a pet bird that he often threatened to kill or release into the wild if I didn't play the piano. These days, he threatens to sell my phone and my computer (which he knows I need for homework) when I don't attend swim practice at a club I've been going to for years. He's also tried to use me to threaten my mom by refusing to pay for my braces (which cost about $5000) because her arthritis has been preventing her from taking me to swim practice. Not to mention she's unemployed. He's also said some pretty hurtful things about both of us when he's gotten mad. He called me egotistic and has told me a couple of times that he no longer looks forward to picking me up from my mom's house, and he's called my mom negative and accused her of not putting in the effort to give me a good childhood. He often tries to guilt-trip me when I piss him off, usually by telling me about how much effort he puts into raising me and how he does everything while I waste my time on my computer. There was a point back in 6th and 7th grade when he was pretty much a textbook case of emotional abuse, but he's improved since then and it gave me hope that he'd stop the threats and angry rants. Also, he rarely goes through with his threats, although that doesn't make them any less hurtful. Besides the threats and somewhat frequent outbursts, he's a generally normal parent.
I can get my mom to file for a full transfer of custody, but I'm afraid she can't handle the financial burden of having me full-time. I'm also a little suspicious of her because I remember her hitting me before my parents divorced, even though she denies it. However, she's a much better parent than my dad right now.
So my questions are: Should I consider my dad abusive? Should I take action?