My family is a disaster
Hello, I'm a 17 year old girl, and I'm tired of living.

My father and my mother hate each other deeply, my father works and my mother is a housewife, recently they divorced, and both want custody of me and my siblings.

My father constantly says that my mom steals money from him (he stills has to mantain us and her), and that she is a bad person that the only thing that wants is the house where we live in. My mother says that he never gives her anything (yet we live very well because he takes care of us all the time) and that when she doesn't have money for making lunch is because he didn't gave her the money and that he is making us believe that she is bad just so we go with him. I don't know who to believe I love them both.

On the other hand, my father is always scolding us because of my little sister, who is always treating us badly, but when we deffend from her she is the victim. Today she told my father everything about the secrets I told her, about how sometimes I want to die, and all the thoughts I trust her, she just told them because we were having a little fight, I couldn't even tell hers because I didn't dare to. My father ended up scolding me and saying I don't value anything, and that I should stop being such an awful person, that I was one of those woman who everyone hates, just because I decided to deffend myself from her, and that SHE was the one being treated badly. My dad says always such hurtful things to me, he says that a career in music is useless and he isn't going to cost it, but when I told him I wanted to work to have my own money he just didn't let me... I want to be independent so I don't have to respect him all the time, I want to have my life, I want to be happy away from here, even if it mean not having much money, as long as I have music everything will be okay, is the only thing that calms me.

I love my mother, even though too religious and hates my music, she is loving and she always says that if she had money she would pay any career I wanted, and even though my father is very cruel sometimes and wants me to study law, I love him too, I don't know how to get away from here, if I can't I don't know what should I do, who should I choose.

I want to work and stop being obedient and afraid of my dad, everytime I think about how can I tell him that I don't agree with what he's doing I'm afraid, because he is the one giving me everything I have. He yells at me when I deffend myself from my sister, when I told him I wasn't going to stop listening to metal he yelled at me, also when I tell him that I won't stop loving music. He thinks he is untouchable, that everything he says is the right way, and that if I don't calm down then he will treat me even worst. HELP ME PLEASE.