Getting to Know a Stranger A Human Thesis w/ a Photography Minor
Getting to Know a Stranger! 
A Human Thesis w/ a Photography Minor

Getting to Know a Stranger is a human project looking to get to know someones life by giving an hour (I always encourage it to go longer) to Getting to Know Stranger that other wise I would have never met. There is no monetary exchange only one of friendship and kindness. I would like to document our meeting with a few candid photos only if you are comfortable, if not, a conversation does the trick! 

Getting to Know a Stranger is all inclusive and strives to get to know all walks of life. I welcome all ages, gender identities, races, religious views, economic status.…. you know every type of Human! 

I know that in my own life I have felt extremely alone and isolated in my own mind many times, and have felt that there is NO one who understands what I am going through. What I started to notice was through my own travels and tribulations I have noticed one thing, we are all a lot a alike, and most of the time share a more relatable story then anyone in my inner circle. In todays technology the human interaction is becoming less and less human and more and more digitized. Screen watching instead of people watching, direct messaging instead of a hand written letter are methods of detachment driving a wedge between our true selves and the human being sitting across from us.

So how do I make a change in my own life toward fighting this black hole of being digitally programmed, force fed fear, and made too wallow in my insecurities. Get out there and meet people of walks of life and commit an hour of my time each day to an individual who could use a human interaction. 

A little about me!      
My name is Aaron Bistrin I am a 28 year old guy from Santa Cruz California, a beautiful place to grow up. However it wasn't always easy growing, Santa Cruz can be a tricky place to navigate as youth and I found myself in quite a bit of trouble very young. 
This continued into my early 20’s and after a series of life changing events I started to make some serious changes in my life. As one positive lead to another, I found myself opening a restaurant in my home town at the age of 25. Fast forward a few years and I have found myself out of the restaurant industry and creating an alternative marketing company with my best friend. This is where I found my love for photography and content creation. My passion for human interaction and learning about people has been inherit nature since I was a child. I feel when meeting strangers our filters are down, there are no pre programmed family/community paradigms, is this not the best opportunity to be your true self? So what better than combine my two passions of photography and human interaction into a Human Thesis with a Photography Minor. Getting to Know a Stranger. 

If you or someone you know could use a kind interaction by Getting to Know a Stranger, please comment below or shoot me an email at abistrin@yahoo.com. All meeting are private unless the consent from both people is given. This is a project of human kindness. Hope to meet you soon!

Much love!
Aaron B

 