Why do I pick the worst friends?
This is an absolute rant: I am frustrated and I don't have any friends apparently to work through this with so Reddit it is! What do you know? There I'd convieniantly a sub-reddit for this very issue I am having.

First of all, I want to start off by saying, all of my friends are not terrible. The majority of them, yes.

I feel like friends are supposed to add value and positive energy to your life and that is not happening in mine. 

It has been becoming clear over the last few months and I think I need to figure out how to dump these friends that drain me. 

Here are some examples. I will use letters instead of their names.

Friend A. 
I have known A for about 10 years now. We worked together for many years. We partied together for many years. We have kept in contact for many years. I didn't see A as much when I moved about a half hour away. Life happens. Things happen. People get busy and I totally understand that. I drive, she STILL doesn't. We still remained friends though.  However..... I am the one who checks up on her and messages to simply see how things are or invite her somewhere. She gets a hold of me when she needs a ride or something. I can't remember a time she has ever just called or texted to say hi and ask me how life is. I like A  because she is pretty easy to talk to. We have had a lot of good times and have made a ton of memories. One thing that I always tried to look past is her utter lack of manners. I don't think in my ten years of knowing her I have ever heard her mutter a thank you. All of the things I have done for her, never once was there a thank you. I have given her tons and tons of rides and she has offered gas money and I never received a dime. I never expected a dime but if you are going to offer it at least honor your word. What really prompted this post was something that happened today. A is pregnant and she is due sometime in January. I hadn't heard from any of our mutual friends about planning a shower so I messaged her best friend and asked If she had thought about doing so. Her best friend hadn't even given it any thought. .... she said if I would like to take the reigns and plan it then she would help but had no interest in planning the party. I thought it was a little odd but I felt like A really should have a baby shower. I reached out to a few more people who I thought might have the same idea and they hadn't thought to do it either. I'll be honest, I am not a party planner. .. not even close. The thought of entertaining/interacting/etc with people makes me super anxious.... BUT all that aside... she is my friend and she deserves to be thrown a baby shower. I have been thinking about ideas over the past few weeks but haven't put anything into motion yet. I get a message from her today over Facebook that says:

"So H informed me you guy were gonna plan a babyshower for me...well we was unaware so C and R are getting together to do one...so if you would like get in touch with one of them and details can be worked out....we just know we are having it October 14th"

I read it. My first initial reaction was annoyance. Since then it has progressed... I think I would have been less annoyed if there was a "but thank you for thinking of me anyways" or something along those lines. There is not one ounce of gratitude in this message. I'm kind of annoyed with myself for expecting there to be any at all. One would think I would have learned by now.

So, I guess the point of this rant is for me to figure out what I need to do about all of this. My gut is telling me it's time to ditch the ungrateful, mannerless nonsense. The other part is sad to lose a "friend".

Are my expectations too high? Is it wrong of me to expect my friends to have basic manners? Please, any and all advice is welcomed. 





