Might have gotten my friend fired at work
First of all: hello! 

I’m just gonna jump right in. So I (23/f) have been best friends with this girl (let’s call her maya) for about 3 1/2 Years now. Another girl (we will go with Ashley) became part of our group about a year later and maya asked us to start working at the restaurant she served at part time. 
Eventually, maya started a thing with this guy who was in a relationship at the time, so we obviously didn’t really put a lot of hope into the whole thing. But eventually he broke up with the other girl to be with maya. Now she started really getting into weed (like 3 blunts a day all by herself) and then dropping pills on the weekends. Ashley and I are not into it so we stayed away but tried to still hang out but it got more and more difficult being with her because she either a) fell asleep b) throw up all the time c) was just super uncomfortable to be around. 
Also work got fucking disastrous because she asked us to pick her up and every single time she either overslept or just forgot about it... so we were always late with her. 
Last week it really excalated: she left Ashley hanging for over an hour, didn’t pick up her phone, I cancelled all my plans to go to work instead of maya and or coworker was all by himself with a huge group of guests. And all she did was send us a voice mail telling us what we should tell our boss. (Not even a reason why all of it happened)
Obviously, we were both really pissed and I just told our superior what had happened and why I was there instead of her. Needless to say he was mad and said that our boss has to talk to her about this because it obviously just a big no go. 
The issue is, she kind of expected us to lie for her and I don’t think I can deal with that anymore. She has become so enstranged lately and I don’t want to support her selfish and self-destructive behaviour. But now I guess I might have made her lose her job and i don’t know if I should apologise and try to talk our boss into letting her stay or just accept that she’ll hate me forever and go on with my life. 
I’ve told her that I don’t like the whole drug thing but she laughed it off, called me a coward and sheltered. But she also treats me (and Ashley to an extend) like her servants and all my other friends can’t stand to be around her. 
So really, i don’t know how to approach her with the whole situation because in the end I’m going to be the horrible friend that ruined her life. Should I apologise or/and try to damage control the whole thing at work? 

TLDR: friend has drug problem and left all of us hanging at work again so i didn’t play along with the hundredth shitty excuse She wanted us to tell 