OPINIONS PLEASE/SISTER ISSUE
I’m a 43 year old single mom of a 21 year old son. I suffer from major depressive disorder, ocd, ptsd and anxiety. I work part time and live with my mother. I’ve had issues since I was a child. So I believe my sister and I can be jealous of each other. Her of me because I’ve had issues and me of her because she’s normal. 
Our father passed away 4 years ago. Which was a devastating loss for all of us. I have lived and raised my son with my parents for the last 12 years or so. 
My sister moved away about 12 years ago and got married had two kids got divorced, had another kid and recently got married. She is a busy mother of 3 and working full time.
After my dad passed my mother and I decided to move closer to my sister and her family.
 I admit I have issues and my sister is the type that I feel truly doesn’t “believe” in my issues. She sees me as lazy, crazy, etc. I see her roll her eyes when she thinks I’m being too much. She never asks me to help her out I guess because of my issues. I moved here to be closer to her and I feel abandoned. She has no time for me. We are building a house together, my mom and I have an inlaw suite and my sister and her family have the main house. My mother has given them the money to put a down payment on this home. At times I am pissed especially when she throws in my face that there are certain things that I want in the building of the house that are going to cost extra. She is a hard core bitch at times. She hardly shows any love. Her job has her so tied up that she doesn’t take care of herself, sometimes puts off taking her kids to the dr, she has no time to go out with us. She can’t even take time to respond to any of my texts during the day. 
She makes fun of me in indirect ways, “I didn’t really mean it” when I have a memory issue (from depression treatments). But when I respond with FU it isn’t quite so funny anymore and she’s done with me. My mom is so torn she hates that we feel this way towards each other. My mom has been there for us both thru thick and thin, financially and emotionally. I just want a sister, someone who’s going to have my back once my mom is gone. I have no one else. Help me, Am I just jealous of her? How do I fix this? 