Friend is badgering me to give them stuff, and frankly it's making me feel less inclined to reciprocate.
So. I'm going to use fake names for these people instead of referring to them as mere pronouns. 

Me = The CrazyCOKids

Orlando = The guy who is badgering me because, well, Orlando *is* the name of a character in Redwall who is a badger. 

Grath = Second person

Fallow = Someone else, mutual friend of all of ours. 


So. Grath and I decide to do something together just the two of us. However, Orlando is a bit... *jealous*. Like, all the time someone else I'll refer to as Fallow wants to do something with me or Grath. 

Orlando seems to have this... massive victim complex. This isn't entirely unjustified mind you^ , but the problem is, he tends to extend this to friends. If say, Grath or Fallow decide to do something together, Orlando assumes he is being excluded on purpose and maliciously. 

See, we basically want to be friends with each other, rather than being "by association". (ever hang out with a group of people, yet you realise the only reason you know some of them is because another person brings 'em along? yeah.) We basically don't wanna just be "Orlando's friend" or "Grath's buddy", or "Crazy's friend" to each other. So we're intentionally doing some things with each other. 

Orlando, however, wants to be included in *everything*, and thinks that if people are doing something without him, he's being excluded intentionally and maliciously. So at first we didn't mention what we were doing, because Orlando would come in private and ask "You going to do me next?" or start going all "Oh nobody ever thinks to include me I'm always the one left out" or starts trying to guilt-trip us. But then, well, that obviously made him think that we were hiding stuff from him. Whenever we went to him first (and boy do we ever) he doesn't complain, and frankly it seems like we really shouldn't have to run everything through him because we're not in grade school still and you know, oftentimes if we *do* run it past him and ask if he would like to get involved he complains that he feels like 'the third wheel' or 'like we're just including him to be nice'. :/ 

Then he decides to start harassing us asking if we'll include him in things, essentially demanding we do things to him to make it up, then doing things like "I just want to be included so then I can at least enjoy this thing". So he guilt-trips us with how bad his (admittedly shitty) homelife is to try and get us to do things one-on-one with him or give him gifts. 

Enough is enough. Simply put we wanna put our feet down - again. Except! I know what'll happen.

Orlando will take it as an act of aggression and with malicious intent. Grath will start complaining at Orlando for (admittedly) being immature about the whole thing. He'll start acting like we're ganging up on him, even though we're trying to tell him that when he asks for stuff in private the way he is, that we're only doing it just to shut him up. i've tried telling him to try organising things himself for a change so he's not always going "Hey! Wait for me!" but he doesn't seem to get it. 