A Long Story
So here’s the situation I was and still sort of am in a group of four friends (friends for about 3 years). One of our four was a new girl who we added to the group about half of a year ago. But a few weeks ago three of us pranked the new girl’s best friend, it did not go well and suddenly the NG stopped hanging out with our group (we hangout but mostly play games online).

But what I wouldn’t learn till the following week was that she wasn’t hanging out with me and rest of the group was hanging out her behind my back. They lied about having things to do, or saying the were simply to busy to spend time together. When we did hangout the other two and I they both acted odd and withdrawn, I attempted to dig into why and even asked if it specifically related to NG but I got backlash for doing so so I let up. However later I learned about her not wanting/being to hangout with me was a “intervention” where the three of them sat me down and told me that NG’s BF old her that She couldn’t be friends with me anymore because her BF told her that it was all my fault and she had to choose between me and her BF in addition I learned that why my friends had been harsh and avoided me earlier in the week, they had lied to me about the whole situation. They knew about the ultimatum that NG’s BF gave her the whole week and decided not to tell me till now, they claim it was to save my feelings but it didn’t come off that way. The “Intervention” ended with her leaving and me leaving as well.

The next couple of weeks are bad not only is our group divided, I am the odd man out they spend the bulk of their time with NG and ignore me for the most part. So I confront my two friends (one I’ve been friends with for five years and the other three), I tell them it’s unfair that I am getting the short end of this situation when she made the decision to break up the group, I also tell them that the fact that they were willing to lie and go behind my back is wrong and that they justify it by claiming that NG is the victim because she lost a friend (so did I). They have apologized for the lying and going behind my back but I told them that I don’t feel comfortable with them spending time with her and being friends with all the problems she caused me and their easy willingness to lie for her to me. They tell that they will always be friends with her and that I can’t ask them to cut her off because it would divide the group, even though she already divided the group by pushing me out and they did nothing about it as a matter of fact the backed her up and supported her decision. So I told them that I have too walk away from the group then because I don’t feel valued, respected, or able to trust them after what they have done.

Am I in the wrong? What should I do should I walk away? I don’t want to throw away my two closest friends but I feel like they don’t even care about me anymore.

I apologize for the long post.