My father may have been a monster after all...
I’ll try to make this as short as I can

I am a 32/F both my parents have passed my mom as recently as 12/2016. My father was up in age when I was born. My mom was wife number 5 and much younger. So when he passed in 2013 it was sad but he lived till his nineties. My parents each had two kids from previous marriages that are much older then me. My mom got sick and then was dying for a year. I was her caregiver 100% and she lived with me. I worked two jobs had no days off and was a P/T nanny as well. Which made her so happy to have in the house cause she loved babies. My bro and sister are human garbage. They did nothing for her when she was dying, made life horrible for me, disliked my care for her just all around horrible people who pushed me to the brink of suicide. I cut all ties when she died moved to another part of the state and got a promotion. I’m doing alright now and it’s only been a little over a year. 

So now I had a brother from my dads marriage but he died in a car wreck in 07. My sister from my dads side is all the family I have left. I love her dearly but she has mental issues that are severe. Depression, schizophrenia, anxiety. We live in different states and I tried to get her to move to my state and she Wont she likes where she is. She lives independently and goes to a day program so she manages ok.

Recently she has been upset at my cutting ties with my half siblings her step siblings. I told her I would have no problem with her continuing contact but I would not. Hell my cunt of a shitty sister tried to borrow money from her the majority of the times she called her but still I can’t stop her she is a 50yr old woman.

But now my fragile sister is starting to not do well she is recalling abuse from when she was a teen. Gang rape at 13 multiple rapes in high school etc.  and she said our dad did nothing and noticed nothing

Now I know this could be her illness at play but....I think I believe her.  She got sick or I should say her schizophrenia came to the front lines in her early 20s after she graduated college and had a pretty damn good job. I wasn’t even born yet but my mom was in the picture.

(My mom and her were very close) 
When my sister had her breakdown she described horrible rape and  abuse in the middle of delusions and episodes. My mom said my dad thought it was her sickness but as my mom put it the way she described it happening it originated somewhere. Whether delusions morphed her memories my mom thought it happened to her.

So now this sister only has me to vent to. I tried to call her case manager but as she is an adult and hasn’t been hospitalized in decades she won’t let me speak to her. I’m going to call her day program and try to speak to someone about her seeing a rape counselor or something along wit her regular treatment.

In a way I don’t want to deal with something this heavy again and I know that’s selfish I lost years of myself helping care for my dying father then 100% for my mom I was pushed to the brink of my own sanity

And then there is the fact that I think my father did do nothing. I was his favorite and I know I was. He never hit me and my mom but he was verbally abusive. But he favorited me cause I am the most like him. He valued education and ambition and I think he felt my sister failed him being sick along with my brother. He acted as a father and I have good memories of him but he wasn’t exactly a emotional or loving person to my mom or at times me. But I guess I got the little he had in him. 

Now I’m starting to wonder if he was a sociopath or fuck a damn monster. 

After my brother who would be said sisters full brother died in what we thought was a regular car accident I found out it wasn’t. He was on pills and had an addiction and was telling people  this shit will kill me. And from the police report witnesses state he just veered into a pole never hit anyone or anything. Just went into a tree.

My fathers first two children ended up like they did and then there is is me. Without my mom would I have been something different? 

While I pulled myself out of the hole I thought I was in, I haven’t done well in dating or making friends in my new city. before my parents illnesses I was good at it.

I’m afraid I’m doing ok with all these losses because I am like him. 

Through my job I’m booking sessions with a therapist but im still scared to pick up the phone when my sister calls

I know I sound really selfish

