My friend is ruining her frienships
I'm not really sure what to do here.
My best friend, let's call her Sam, has lost a lot of friendships recently. And I mean a lot. In the past two years, she's lost almost every close friendship she's ever had. The count is in the double digits. Something would happen and she'd declare them dead to her and never speak to them again. Unfortunately, I find myself usually feeling like it's Sam's fault that the friendships are crumbling.
Recently, she's started shamelessly using her friends. One girl worked as a seamstress at a community theater in her free time and Sam would constantly arrive unannounced and drop off clothes she wanted tailored, imposing absurd timeline, even saying she'd be back that night to pick the dresses up. When her friend finally asked Sam to start paying, Sam announced to everyone that their friendship was over and that she refused to associate with someone who didn't view her as a friend.
She's started yelling at people for not texting her more. She called one of her now former friends, an elementary school teacher, and yelled at her for not responding to her texts about where they were going to get dinner that night. She wanted to make sure she didn't eat the same type of food for lunch. The teacher cancelled and they haven't spoken since.
And unfortunately, with each new friend lost, her demands on those remaining have become more and more extreme. Her need for attention has gotten out of hand. She demands that we all hang out four nights a week and constantly accuses people of not valuing her friendship enough if they can't make it. One friend spent every night with her one week trying to show Sam that she mattered. When the friend didn't continue that schedule the next week, Sam screamed at them for pulling away and called her a coward for not just ending it if she didn't want to be friends.
Worst of all, she accuses people of saying things they've never said, claiming that she's stupid, she can read between the lines. And when people try to explain that they never intended to hurt or upset her, she claims that it doesn't matter what they said. What matters is how she was made to feel.
It shouldn't come as a surprise that Sam has serious self-esteem issues. She's in therapy and has been for a while, trying to work on them. Unfortunately, she goes back and forth between crying that no one knows how hard it is to live with "being such a failure" and accusing others of not being deserving of her friendship.
I want to be there for her. I want to help. She's been my best friend and she used to be able to be there for me, but I'm not sure I can handle who she's become and how she's started treating us.
tl;dr: My friend has serious self-esteem issues and is ruining all of her friendships because she treats everyone like absolute garbage. She's getting therapeutic help but I'm not sure I'm able to stick around long enough for things to get better.