Consistent problems with friends distancing themselves
Really sorry in advance of how long this is!

So some background on me: I’m a 23 year old female. Had a pretty typical life growing up. Had a really stereotypical family - mom, dad, sister, and me. Had good friends growing up, moved schools as a kid only once, and had stuff I was passionate about. During my sophomore year of high school though, my parents got divorced, and shortly after, I had some events happen in my life that sent me into a deep depression. I became suicidal. Now mind you, up through this point, I have had a close knit group of about 8 of us. One girl and I had been friends for almost 7 years and generally I got along with pretty much anyone. 

Then this guy I knew from performing arts stuff and I ended up going into a relationship. He was 4 years older than me, meaning he was in college when we started dating, I had barely turned 16 and never had been in a serious relationship, he was charming and wanted me to “not be so naive” and - if you can’t already see the warning signs - this became an extremely abusive relationship, in pretty much every way possible starting with emotional abusive, escalating to physical abuse, and eventually sexual abuse. It completely destroyed me as a person. He forced me to end friendships with anyone who tried to help get away from him, which ended up being all of my friends. Eventually, my college roommate helped me escape from him and helped me to get a restraining order during my Freshman year of college.

Thankfully, I’m in a really wonderful relationship with someone incredibly kind and supportive and have been for nearly 5 years. But with the exception of my boyfriend now, I haven’t been able to connect with people like I used to before that abusive relationship. Some friends I had back then, friends I loved dearly, never forgave me for ending the friendship, despite the fact I never wanted to. And it still really hurts. 

I mostly have had off and on friendships through recent years. Mostly the story is: I start talking to a potential friend, we quickly find a bunch of similarities and similar humor, become close really quickly, they become avoidant/ distant/ flakey (or in a recent case - manipulative) and I get upset and end the friendship. I’m quick to forgive and a HUGE pushover, and people really take advantage of this and at some point, I realize this and that’s when I get upset.

The other story is that I start to slowly build friendships, like with people at work, and I think things are going well and I come to realize they don’t really care to be anything more than work friends or they don’t like me as much as I thought they did. I currently have 2 friends that I really care about. One of them lives really far and I only get to see occasionally. The other has started to use the busy excuse with me, but then she plasters her hanging out with everyone but me on social media, but the goes on about how she misses me so much and wishes we could hang out. She literally only lives 20 minutes away and she either flakes or lies about being busy working. It’s starting to really bring me down and I feel really down about it since I feel like it’s something that ultimately ends up happening no matter how hard I try or how good of friends we are.

To sum everything up, I feel like I’m at a loss and I have a hard time connecting with anyone. I feel like people go out of their way to distance themselves from me when I want to actually do ~friend stuff~ like hang out. I feel like I’m missing something.