My mother and her tragically unlucky family
Hey, guys, I thought this was worth posting because I'm still totally gobsmacked at how unlucky and dysfunctional my mother's side of the family was, and it interests me because it sounds like a curse, when it was likely all just chance.

My mother was born in the late 50's, and it was my grandparents' third child, although she eventually had six siblings in the end (only two brothers are still alive). The way my auntie and uncles died, and how one turned out, creeps me out. So here we go;

So my mother used to have younger twin siblings - one boy and one girl - and my mother when she was four got into a serious car accident (grandfather was driving) so this would be 1962. She and my grandfather survived but her twin siblings didn't survive and both were tragically killed at the age of two.

But it gets unluckier.

So, a few years go by, my mother has two new little brothers at the time (let's call them George, born in 1963, and Alan, born a couple of years later)

1975, and again a tragic loss. My grandparents and family go through the loss of George, who, if you do the simple math, was only twelve when he died in a boat accident during a school trip. Apparently he jumped in the water to impress his friends while kayaking, and a boat later came speeding, didn't see him, and the front of it struck George's head. He drowned while unconscious because the teacher wasn't present (and apparently, he got in alot of shit for that).

But again, it gets unluckier.

Four years later, 1979, my grandfather, who was one of the bosses of a distribution warehouse, got into an accident during work. Wasn't told how, but it was fatal.

So during the late 70's leading up to my grandfather's death, my mother's two older brothers (let's name them Johnny and Frank, both in their twenties) end up doing drugs, although my uncle Frank apparently handled his habit better than Johnny. Uncle Johnny eventually moved onto injecting heroin, was stealing off family and friends until he got kicked out of my grandma's. He eventually disappeared from the family.

So 1983, after a couple years from last hearing of Johnny, my mother and her family receive news that a body found overdosed in a park four months prior, belonged to Johnny. Died at twenty-seven and wasn't identified for months by forensics. He was homeless and had nothing in possession to identify who he was.

So my grandma, who is now nearing ninety, is still going strong. Mentally and physically great besides just a walking stick. She lost four children at the ages of two, twelve, and twenty-seven. And a husband.

I never met any of them because this, of course, all happened before I was born.

The ones who are still here is Alan, Frank, and my mother. My uncle Alan turned out to be okay. Frank, on the other hand, now in his sixties, is an abusive alcoholic who lives in a crummy apartment with whoknows and has two kids he never sees. He turned down rehab many times but my grandma once told me that he drinks because he blames himself for what happened to Johnny, since he was the one who introduced him to drugs. But he hates us and wants nothing to do with the rest of his family anymore. I've only seen him four times in my life, and he was abusive on two occasions. One time when we went for a family meal when I was six, he ruined the night by abusing the resterant staff.

So my mother and uncle Alan are the only people out of seven kids who turned out to have positive lives. Depressing as fuck, isn't it?

