My mom showed heavy favoritism to sister, and i deeply resent both of them.
So, i'm 20. I’m a pretty happy, go lucky person, but whenever i think back to my childhood i instantly get depressed and cannot function. This has been haunting me for years, and i'd love to get it out in the open. But, i would like it if someone could read this and tell me, if i have legit reason to be upset about this, or if i'm overreacting?


So, in my first 6 years, i was a normal, happy kid. I had a warm, happy family. My parents were just normal, i was a little spoiled, but when your the first born, that's kind of a given, right?


But that all changed when i was 5, my mom announced she was pregnant. with another baby. At first, i was happy, i knew what was happening, since i saw it on tv before. Mom still had time for me, of course that all changed when i was 6. I was in 1st grade when she was born. Until she was born, my parents spent literally all their time with me.


Here is when the bs started. .


So, to start was her actual birth itself. It was a saturday, mom went into labor. I was in my bedroom, playing a video game. Then, during the middle of my game, i heard tires squealing, i looked out my window and saw the family car speeding off. They forgot me, i at first thought they were rushing to the corner store, since mom had some bizarre cravings, mostly for their pizza. But hours went by, i started to worry, and after almost 6 HOURS, someone came to the house to get me (my grandmother). I was kind of peeved, but my dad promised to get me ice cream, so all was settled.


So, next was the sleeping arrangement. Every night, i slept right between my parents. I never slept alone, they tried to ween me, but i wasn't particularly fond of my bed. I liked sleeping with them, because it was warm, and i've always had this "thing", where i have to run my fingers through someone's hair before sleeping, i kind of grew out of it, forcefully.


How? Well, i never got to share a bed with mom again, me and my dad were regulated to the guest room. Mostly because i didn't sleep alone (i never started until i was about 12). Every night after that, my mom took my sister into my spot, she said she'd come get me to come in her bed after my sister fell asleep, but guess what? She never did. Not once did i sleep with mom ever again.


We later moved in with my grandma, who only had 2 rooms. I slept with mom and sis every night, and she always pryed and forced herself between me and mom.


Come to think of it, mom never really had time for me any more, i had to start taking the bus to school. since she had no babysitter, plus dad worked.


I kind of always prefered mom, to my dad. She was a lot more fun, and creative. She made me a marble box out of popsicle sticks once. But, she kind of pawned me off on my dad after the devil child was born.


Sadly, when i was 7, my parents divorced and me, my sister, and my mom lived with my grandma.


Now, when i was 9, i had gotten involved in 4-h. I had a talent for writing and giving speeches. So, it was a big deal for me. I was the best in my class, and even made it to county competition. One of only 5 kids in my school. It was my proudest moment, since i always sucked at sports.


So, we got to the place, there were 50 people listening to me give my speech, i had my little suit, and was very proud of myself. I practiced hours a day, i wanted to go to state as well. And as soon as i get to the podium, guess who starts crying. Loud enough that everyone can hear it. My sister. So, mom had to take her out. She never saw my speech. I gave it, but i just couldn't do it right, i was on the verge of crying myself from what happened. I was too upset that she was missing it, i got a "Participant" ribbon, my big moment was ruined. I was gonna do it again next year, but when i wrote my speech, i had no enthusiasm for the project, and it lacked the "zing" the previous one had, so i didn't advance very far. I honestly didn't care anymore, mom asked about it, I told her my sister would probably ruin it.


She started growing up, and became an even more entitled little tyrant. Here we start on her as a tween. She just got so much worse.


First of all, mom really only paid attention to her. She never came in my room to come visit, at all. That's a general example, here is a more specific list.


First of all, there was one time that my pants had a hole, the pocket ripped and my wallet fell out, and I never noticed until the next day. She found it, and instead of returning it, she took $100 out of it, then returned it the next day. Worst of all, she told mom to promise not to tell me that she took it, she bought a cell phone with it. I didn't even find out until almost 10 years later.


Anytime I would try to spend time with mom, she'd always come in. I never got alone time with my mom, without her rearing her head. That was if I even got to spend time with her at all. She'd promise to spend time with me, but I’d either wait forever, and I’d be too tired to do anything. Or, she'd never show up at all.


One time, it was about 8, I asked if she wanted to play Tetris. She said she'd love to, in a few minutes. So, I loaded up Tetris, paused it and waited. Keep in mind, I couldn't really do anything else. It was nearly 2 and a half hours. She never showed, so I went to bed, I could hardly hold my eyes open. She finally did show, she got mad and said "I thought you wanted to play?" But, I told her "I couldn't wait forever."


Her excuse was that she had to wait for my sister to go to bed, because I’d get mad if she came to play too. Instead of saying "No, I want some quality time with my son", she just waited till absurd hours of the night, knowing I’d be too tired to play.


That was how it was any time I wanted to play with mom.


Minor story, I got a bop it toy for Christmas. She asked to borrow it and take it to school, she had to write her name on it so if it got lost, the school would know who it belonged too. She never gave it back, and about 2 weeks, her and mom were playing with it, I asked if I could have it back, and she said it was hers. I never saw it again.


One time, she broke my tv. She got the day off from school, faking being sick (I’ll get to that in a moment). While at school, she lounged around my room all day, and somehow broke my tv. I have no clue how, but it's just when I got home it was broken. She never got yelled at or punished whatsoever.


The time I got the flu. All night I had been chilled, shivering, and sick. I felt awful, I told my grandma, and she let me take the day off and would take to the doctor's office that day.


That morning, I got yelled at, accused for playing hooky. I got took to the doctor, and guess what? I was diagnosed with the flu. Mom changed her tone, and acted nice and as if she was worried the whole time. I got guilted for needing to miss a week. Then the next day, guess who got the flu? My sister.


So, she got tested. Guess what, no flu. She acted sick all morning, but as soon as mom told her she could miss school, 2 hours later, she was riding her bike and doing cart wheels in the yard. No yelling, no punishment


One time she threw my 80's, rare wrestling figures into a muddy ditch, ruining the paint job. Nothing.


There was one birthday, she got $100, my birthday came, only 75.


You know, around this time I started to watch lots of anime. I pretended I was in their worlds, it always brought me happiness. I tried to get my mom interested, but she never did. Then, one weekend, I asked her to play Mario with me, like the good old days. But, my sister showed up, with a Dragon Ball Z DVD, battle of gods movie. She asked if I wanted to watch it, I said no because I’ve seen that movie 10 times already. Mom got mad at me, and watched it with her. For 5 years I’ve been begging her to watch it with me, but she never could. I sat and watched it with them, because she said if I did, she'd play with me. She sat through the whole movie with her. So, after waiting over an hour for her to play with me. She finally showed, played one level, and went to bed because she was too tired. We'd play in the morning she said, that morning never came.


Then, my graduation. Around this time, she moved in with our dad. They all came to my graduation, but she mostly talked to her the whole time, begging her to come visit.


Also, funnily enough, I never got told congratulations or anything for graduation. She never posted how proud she was of me on Facebook, or anything. But, that same year, my sister made the honor roll. I never heard the end of it.


So, recently, last year I got an injury. and that brought on a whole slew of crap.


Most of these involve me wanting privacy for my problems and her showing up when not wanted.


First, was physical therapy. She just had to come, without even asking me, mom said yes. I told her no, I didn't want her to go. We had a huge fight, and we didn't go.


Then, was a checkup. I didn't want her to come, but she did anyway. There was no reason for her to go, they just sat in the lobby. This was a very personal thing, and I wanted as few people there as possible.


I remember mom wheeled me in, (I was in a wheelchair), and sis said she'd wait in our car. Nope, guess who walked in. Mom largely ignored me at my own appointment. Therapy and Doctor's appointments were the only time we really got together.


Then, another time I asked her to play a game with me. She actually did, then in 5 minutes, guess who called out. My sister, mom just disappeared, and never came back, so I just turned it off.


And finally, the most recent example. I actually planned on moving out. I needed a 10-dollar box. I begged and asked for weeks, and it took seemingly forever to buy me that box, but my sister asked for a 300-dollar dress, and she got it bought for her in less than a day.

