Are my friends leaving me out on purpose?
This has been bugging me for a while, I mean I've gotten to the point where I've made a Reddit account to vent about it. So I'm on of those girls who has two best friends, I'm sure you can already see where this is headed (I'll call them Susie and Amy). 

When I started secondary school I didn't have any friends since I had joined out with my school catchment area. Although, I met Susie and she quickly became my best friend. We were in a big group of girls which included Amy. Amy and Susie had become close since they lived near each other and had had lots of sleepovers and days out together and stuff. I had made friends with a girl called Ruby who was Amy's best friend at the time and eventually Amy and Ruby fell out, causing the group to split up and because I was closer to Susie, I went with her. 

This left Amy, Susie, and I to form a little "squad" and the three of us were extremely close for the next three years. Some things happened with Susie which resulted in Amy and I falling out with her for about 10 months. Nothing big, just usual girly bitching and drama. Amy and I became extremely close during this time but something Amy told me really hurt. 

When we were in the process of making up with Susie, Susie had told Amy that she considered Amy to be the closest person to her. That couldn't be right? I went to Susie's house every Friday? I helped her out with her chores whenever I was over, I stayed over almost every weekend, I went on trips with her and her family all the time, we sat next to each other in almost every class, we constantly texted and called and she wouldn't hesitate to tell me every detail of her life and problems and neither would I. Amy had a job and was always working weekends, she was also never the type to text people or even call since she was always with her sister. So why did Susie consider her closer? It really stung but I got over it. 

My issue now is that since the three of us have made up I can't help but feel a little excluded. I'll only give one example since everything's of a similar nature. 

We've been off school for the past three days because of the snow. I saw that Susie was at Amy's house on the first day, I was a little bummed about not being invited but I brushed it off since it could've just been a spontaneous visit. But Susie is at Amy's Mothers house today, I'm assuming she's staying over, and it's not like I live an hour away. I live a 15 minute walk away, it would only take 5 minutes to get a lift there and the snow isn't bad anymore. So...did I do something to warrant not being invited? Usually Amy would always invite me over, we would have loads of sleepovers...

And y'know to top it all off, my Grandma passed away on Tuesday, Susie had met my grandma and visited her with me a lot and even though I had told her what happened she messaged me later to ask why I seemed sad, only to act shocked and say she 'never realised' that my grandma had died even though I had already told her. Amy knew my grandma had died too but she hasn't said a word to cheer me up. These girls aren't awkward or unsympathetic either, they've taken care of me when someone has passed away before. Are they being like this on purpose? 

TL;DR 
Close friends I've had for years are excluding me, is it on purpose or by accident?