My Wifes Car, Money, and My Brother. What do I do?
My wife and I got married, but instead of an engagement ring, we decided I would buy her a car instead. I brought the Toyota and moved in. She already owned another Honda. This way we would have 2. 
Eventually, she gave her Honda to her brother (who was also in need), and I told her she could give it to him because her dad had initially bought the Honda anyway, not her, so he has every right to own that Honda especially since we had 2 at the time. Keep i mind that it was ultimately my decision, not hers, to let him have the car, because although I'm married to her and her dad bought her the car, I felt like since her dad "bought" it, he has the right to it, and since her brother is her dads "male" descendant, he has the right to the car. (Sorry we're an asian family)
So now we have 1 Toyota (the engagement ring car). With a baby on the way, we decided we would lease another Nissan ourselves, so we could have 2 cars again.
Recently my brother was involved the Caribbean island Hurricanes where he goes to Med School, and his whole semester was shifted back to America until either this August or December. 
So now he's also in need of a car for about 8-9 months. I told my wife that since we are leasing a Nissan, we can let my brother borrow our current Toyota for the time being. 
My wife doesnt want to give up the Toyota to him in fear that she will lose it.
I thought this was unjustified because she gave her Honda to her brother, so why can't I let my brother borrow the Toyota too? 
Both of us grew up believing in "helping" a person in need, and I feel like I went out of my way to let her brother have a car that was rightfully hers, but she didnt let me do the same when it came to my brother. But then again, I feel like she does have a right to the Toyota because it was a replacement for an engagement ring at the time. 
After her brother took the Honda, we have been using 1 car for the last year. I figured we could keep using 1 car for another 8-9 months if it means saving my parents some money in buying my brother a different car. 
Am I wrong here? Is she technically right? Am I unreasonable because what we do with the car should be my wife's decision, since it was a replacement for her ring? 