How do I befriend my crush?
So there's this girl (21/f) that I (21/f) really, really like. I live in a super homophobic country. I've accepted the fact that nothing can happen between us. However, she's just such, such an amazing person, that even if we weren't romantically involved, I would want her in my life, as a friend, because she's just so great - no joke. I'm not sure what her impression of me is. My crush and I actually have a ton of mutual acquaintances and friends. We've even worked together on an event before, but it was a large scale event with a large team, so I didn't really feel much. She once even smiled at me when she saw me!

I have a friend who once had a guy give her chocolate that he “couldn’t finish” when we were in the library. The next day, he messaged her on Facebook, saying she probably felt weirded out by what he did – she responded to him, and they started talking to each other. They’ve now been dating for over a year. The bottom line is, with all this information in mind, how do I approach my crush to hopefully start a friendship with her? I've been warned that I should draw a mental boundary between feelings of friendship and romantic feelings, which I’m set on doing. I would do what my friend’s boyfriend did, but with these chocolate chip cookies I baked, though I'm not sure if it'd be a good idea. It would seem a little weird, wouldn’t it?

Even with my friend’s boyfriend, we knew his intentions from the start. My crush and I are both girls, however, so I suppose that changes things a little (we do live in a heteronormative society). With all that said, I’m pretty desperate, as she’s graduating soon, and I really don’t want to miss my chance. She's completed all her subjects and is currently only working on her dissertation. She's often in the student lounge, doing work - though I'm not sure what her schedule is like and what days she's in campus. Please help with creative ways to approach my crush (like my friend's boyfriend did)! Thanks!