Best guy friend is ignoring me, and I don't understand why
My best guy friend "Jake" (not his real name) have known each other for 14 years. We are now both 19 years old. Of all the friends I currently have, I've been friends with Jake the longest. We first met in kindergarten. I used to be really chubby and shy when I was much younger, so I got picked on a lot. Jake was my only friend back when I was in elementary school and middle school, and he stood up for me a lot back then. In high school, I started to grow out of my childhood awkwardness, lost a significant amount of weight, and managed to find a small group of friends in my school's anime club. Throughout all this, Jake was a very steady, loyal, and supportive friend, and I'm forever grateful to him for that. We ended up getting into different colleges, both around an hour away from our hometown. Even though things got somewhat busy at times, we kept in regular contact and found time to hang out when we were both in our hometown at the same time.
Recently, I met a great guy "Aaron" (not his real name) in college. We started dating. I wanted him to meet my friends from back home, so I arranged a time to meet for dinner. During our meetup (I invited 3 friends from high school, including Jake), I noticed that Jake was unusually quiet. He didn't say much of anything during our dinner. I thought it was a bit weird because he is normally really talkative (I'm usually the quieter one in our friendship), so I pulled him aside and asked him what's wrong. He said nothing, so I figured nothing was wrong.  
That meetup was two months ago. About two weeks ago, I reached out to Jake on Facebook to ask him how things are going and to try to catch up on life. He completely ignores all my messages. I tried texting him to ask if he's mad at me. No response. I don't understand. I feel completely blindsided by this because Jake has never gone more than one day without responding to my messages. A mutual friend told me that she always suspected that Jake liked me, but I highly doubt that. He never showed any signs of liking me back when we were in high school, and he had a couple of girlfriends in high school. He's not the shy type, so I highly doubt he would be the type of guy to hide his feelings for so many years.  