Would you still be friends? Are we unreasonable?
Hello dear people of Reddit

I have a small major problem in my little group of friends.
My problem is rather selfish but I feel betrayed and I don't know if she is still our friend.
So let's start all over.
There are 5 people involved
BF (My Boyfriend)
Snorly (My female friend and the 'victim')
Berta (My other female friend that gave me the feel of beeing betrayed)
Root (Because of him kinda started everything)
And my humble self.

So it all begun wenn Root sexually assaulted Snorly, she was at his home, learning with him and afterwards they watched something together, she started to feel tired and was half asleep. He touched her during that period she was shocked and pretended to wake up, when he noticed he pretended to be also asleep.
She told him at the beginning, we all go together to school, that she had a Boyfriend and that she doesn't want any romantic relationshio with him.

He didn't stop.
At a slumber party we all were together, he touched her again, and suddendly lied directly next to her.

She still hadn't told us any of this.

Then came the point where he told someone some really private storys of us, which we told him in secret.
We ignored him for a while but gave him a 2 chance.

He messed up, again.
My friends had to go to a further education, I wasn't with them because I work in another company, but well there he was awfull to BF when someone asked him why their team was so slow he answered because of 'BF'.

This was the limit.
We wanted to have nothing to do with him anymore.

Snorly told us sometimes earlier what he had done to her.
He told her to not tell anyone. But she told us that anyway and his boss. 
Now he gives her the fault, that everyone hates him.

Just to mention, Root has depressions, and has already attempted suicide. So there are also moral and ethical views on everything.
We don't bully him or anything like that, we ignore him.

Well, Berta still hangs out with him, she even ditches us to eat lunch with him. And no she doesn't have any romantic intrest in him but in one of his best friends.

We expected her to side with us. It is selfish but I can not forgive Root for what he has done, when doesn't even apologized for his actions or stands justice.

Berta doesn't care. She laughs with him, she hangs out with him af if he has never hurt us. And this, this feels like betrayl.

How do you see it guys?
Are we wrong? Are we to harsh?
Would you want to be still befriended with a person who sides with another person who hurt you? Or are we unreasonable?

Tl:Dr
My friend sexually assaulted another friend multiple times and was a mayor dick to us but our other friend still hangs out with him, would you still be friends with that person? Dick has depression and has attemptet suicide.
