Is this my fault?
I've been on SSI ever since high school but before high school I wasn't. My oldest aunt suggest to me to get SSI but let's call her Cancer Rat because her zodiac sign is a Cancer. I was like "Nah, I'm good for now" because I'm lazy I didn't feel like doing that but I didn't tell my aunt that! SO, she took it the wrong way and start yelling BLAH, BLAH THIS and BLAH, BLAH THAT. My mom was like "Cancer Rat you cannot get mad because she decided not to do that!" Cancer Rat gotten more mad "I'm not mad, I was just saying." I gotten tired of her yelling because she can't get her way. I was like "Mom, let's just do it so Cancer Rat can shut the FUUUUUCK UP!"  

My mom was like "Ok, let's just do it. Let's get it over with." The thing is ever since then I was in 3rd or 4th grade the relationship between Cancer Rat and I went down hill! I stopped going to church with is where is start going down hill. She got mad because I stopped going to church with her. From time to time Cancer Rat will bring it up to manipulate me to have me feel guilty about it but I caught on to it. She makes fun of my weight, hair, clothes I wear, what I eat and drink, just everything like she's overdramatic about every fucking thing I do but I'm probably ain't the only one though. It's so bad that I can't even read a story on the Wattpad without her bitch ass accusing me of texting a boy when I wasn't! She probably hates when I play video games. In 2016 she called me mentally retarded and said I don't think straight but I don't know why and if I ask her why she said that to me that she'll just lie, lie, lie of why she said it. She gets overdramatic when she's the last to find out shit or when you stop telling her shit, stop talking to her. I stop telling shit because you'll tell her not to say anything to anyone that she'll do it anyways. She did all of this ever since I was in 3rd or 4th grade and still is til this day..  


Now you know my back story with Cancer Rat. 

Ever since 2014 I started to use Bitcoins and the only person knows I use it is my mom at the time but my brother started to find out and he ended up founding out. From 2014 to 2017 I will lose Bitcoins and wins or earn Bitcoins! Just like if I were to use the trade market, you'll win or lose some. In 2018 I wanted to make history by making thousands of dollars from a $29.00 Bitcoin investment and I did. The problem is that Cancer Rat daughter, let's call her Tuna Fish in her 30's. So I made 2 mil but the household only knew about it. Until I made a big mistake by making a youtube video about my 2 mil and shared the video to my Facebook! The mistake was sharing it to my Facebook page. Here's the thing…Tuna Fish love to lurk on people Facebook pages using her husbands account and I wasnt paying attention until after my aunt Cancer Rat confronted me about my earnings 3 days after I shared the link to my Facebook. 

Cancer Rat yell and cussed at me that accused me of using SSI money to earn my 2 mil, that I did it behind everyone's back, that I didn't even bother to let her help, that I was being greedy, I didn't even bother to tell her, that she had heard it through someone else how they showed her proof, that the person had showed her a video of it, she's disappointed in me, she will forgive but won't forget, and that she feels lefted out. Here's the thing I did use SSI to get the 2 mil because back in 2015 and 2016 that Cancer Rat b•tch ass sent a letter to them told a false story how I barely go places, that my mom have to do all the work, that I'm mentally retarded, that I rage on video games, other sh•t that I can't remember and one of the update application for SSI that Cancer Rat lied to them and said that I was in a wheel chair when I never was. 

So that's when I started to think that she might trying to get them to cut me off and thats why I used $29.00 of my SSI money to get the 2 mil as back up like I didn't think it was a big deal. It wasn't my fault to me because I wasn't the one sending letters trying to get someone cut off but my mom told me to not say anything about the letters when we had first found out and today is day to confront Cancer Rat. I had to do it. Now Cancer Rat wants to try and tell me what to do. She says "Girl, whatever I say to you is for the best. Whatever you did to make that 2 mil that I want you to stop doing it because it's not fair that you made your first 1 mil before your 21st birthday. You didn't do anything specially to get it. I mean like you SAT ON YOUR ASS!" She was pissed but I don't give a fuck.

I said "I had to do what I gotta do! It's not my fault that it happen. The reason why I turn $29 to 2 mil is because some bitch trying to sabotage my SSI by sending in false letters and I wonder who? Now you're mad because I made 2 mil before my 21st birthday OMG!" so Cancer Rat yell and cussed at me that she said "I KNOW YOU USED YOUR FUUUUUCKING SSI MONEY TO EARN THAT 2 MIIIIIILLLLLLLLL AND YOU USED 29 FUUUUUCKING DOLLLLLLARS! YOU DID IT BEHIND EVERYONE'S BAAAAAACK! YOU DIDN'T EVEN FUUUUUCKING BOTHER TO LET ME HELP YOUUUUUUU! YOU WAS BEING GREEEEDY! YOU DIDN'T EVEN FUUUUUCKING TO TELL MEEEEEEEE! I HAD TO HEAR IT THROUGH SOMEONE ELLLLLLLSE! THEY SHOWED ME PROOOOOOF! THEY SHOULD ME A VIDEO OF IIIIIIIIIIIT! I FEEL SO FUUUUUCKING LEFT OUUUUUUUUT! I'M SO DISAPPOINTED IN YOU GIIIIIIIIIIIIRL! I'LL FORGIVE BUT I WON'T FUUUUUCKING FORGET THIS." After Cancer Rat stopped yelling that I was about to say something but my mom beat me to the punch. 

My mom said "Cancer Rat, how is my daughter greeeeedy when you're the only one complaining about the money like she didn't even do anything wrong at all?" Cancer Rat got so fucking fed up that she stopped her ass out our fucking house and slam our f•cking door but while Cancer Rat and her daughter Tuna Fish was leaving that they shook their fucking heads at me!! 

Another thing before I started to use Bitcoins that this household was very poor. Trying to make ends meet. Barely trying to keep the food in the house. What made it worse when Cancer Rat and Cancer Rat daughter Tuna Fish (Cancer Rat have 2 other sons but they always in the streets doing who knows what), Cancer Rat grandkids Mices always bragging about money, money, MONEY everytime they come over to our house. "Look we went and bought this", "We went and bought that.", "We went and spent this much money.", "We went and spent that much money." They knew we was poor. So I asked them "Why everytime y'all come over here that y'all somehow brag about money?" They was like "GIIIIIIIRL ain't nobody trying to brag about money. Are you mad that you cant buy video games all the time LMFAO!!"  Always make fun of me about that.


June 3rd, 2018 I will be 21 years old. 

Here's my question about the 2 mil and everything that ➡Is this my fault? Am I in the wrong here because I used $29 of my SSI money to earn my 2 mil, that I did it behind everyone's back apparently, that I didn't even bother to let her help me apparently, that I was being greedy apparently, I didn't even bother to tell her apparently? 