Is my sister (31) a toxic person, am I (28m) overreacting? Should i confront her or should i talk to a specialist for a peace of mind?
Hello, 28 male. I'll try to be as brief as possible. I've never been very close with my sister. We talk and communicate and help each other (lately I'm the one helping) but I've never really... connected with her. In a few words - if she wasn't my sister I would've never consider her a friend or someone worth keeping close to me. As a child she was very abusive (maybe not the best word) in terms of getting what she wanted - tantrums, fights, screaming, being the centre of attention - you name it. Later on in her teen years she had constant fights with our parents over staying late at parties and so on. She was grounded more than a handful of times during that period. Over the years her attitude stayed the same. She has no qualms about burning bridges with people. Friends, family - you name it. If she gets in a fight with someone she would never stop and think twice before saying something that she may regret later on. Like an animal that's being threatened - bite, bite, bite. This would often lead to tentions in our family as she and the other party won't speak for couple of weeks. She has a child now (1.5y.o.) and the poor kid is truning out to be a real brat. We would go over to her house and the kid is throwing tantrums all over the place. She says "well, he wants to sleep" but won't go to the other room with him. In the meantime the kid is touching the food, throwing forks and we are all trying to keep all the food, beverages, our phones and what not away from him and she would say somehthing like: "well, yea, the fun of being a parent. You'll see when you have one, ha ha". Such a fun. And she is really obsessive. She's the one that does the talking. At this point I know everything about pregnancy, childbirth, brestfeeding, nutrition, whats good and whats bad for the kid. She and the kid are in every conversation. Some one would say "I didn't get to clean the house this weekend". Well guess what? She didn't get to clean the house too, because of the kid. "Wow, house cleaning... Yeah, haven't done that in a while now. But you really can't, once you have a kid. You'll see". She is lacking friends and communication, I can tell. All she talks about is some Facebook groups with other mothers that we don't know. We have never heard of them, we are not bothered to but here we are - we know about some random mom and her kid's sleep schedule, eating habits, inside jokes we don't really appreciate or care to. And if its not her and the kid in the centre of attention its her and my BIL fighting over stupid, stupid shit that I don't want to hear or know about. And its not only me - my gf, our parents, mutual friends and so on. We are so deep in that shit, that some of our mutual friends are making excuses to avoid them. And my sister's answer? "Oh, they'll see! Things are gonna change between us and them. I'll see them when they have a kid" We (me and my GF) are avoiding them too, as much as possible! But if you confront her you better be ready to go to war. She can't handle critisism. To her this means a fight. And if  get in a fight with her you better be ready for a throwdown and to hear some bad shit about yourself. Thruth is I don't want to confront her to spare my self all the drama. The yelling, the tantrums, her playing the victim how hard it is, seeking support and involving my mother for example.... It probably is hard. Sure is. But after more than six months of me helping them with their house renovation, using my car as a truck or taxi, depending on what they need (building materials, groceries, doctor appointments etc you name it) I'm kinda sick of it and lost! I really can't tell - am i overreacting over this? If not - should I confront her and hope that she will take my criticism as an adult. I'm really thinking of seeing a specialist seeking an advices and peace of mind. 
Sorry for the rant! Your input is much appreciated!