Was this a true friendship? TL;DR (?)
A friend that I have know for 15 years just blocked me on facebook. I have always had feelings for her but I had began to move on. I don't have a lot of friends and I always liked having her as a friend and as someone I could go to. She was willing to do this with me even when she was dating someone else. As she got more serious with the other guy she started to talk to me less and less and she started to not chat with me as much about her life but she always wanted to hear about my problems and woes.

I really started to feel that something was wrong when she recently got married. We had talked about marriage a few times in previous years. She had indicated that she was unsure if she would ever get married then she said she was considering it with her bf. Then one day she moved to a the same city as her husband to be but when I asked her about why or if she was considering marrying him she said she moved because she liked it there more. She hid the fact that she was engaged from me but still allowed a friendship. I know that it shouldn't have mattered that she was getting married but I did want to be supportive of it and I also wanted to know because I felt that it would be unappropriate for us to be the same type of friends that we were. One day I called her to tell her some really bad news about something that had happened in my life. I called several times but she didn't answer because she was busy. She finally returned my call at midnight and got onto me for calling her so much and then said "I can't do this". Then she put severe restrictions on it saying that  I could only talk to her in sever circumstances or to tell her things but she would never initiate contact with me or make small talk with me. I got fed up and told her that it wasn't true friendship if she wouldn't reciprocate communication or tell me about major things in her life getting married. I also brought up some things from the past that made me feel the way that I feel towards her. Then she blocked me on facebook and told me that she wanted to discontinue all communication altogether.

 I feel like she knew that she had be wrong with me in the past but refused to admit it to me. Was this ever a true friendship? Am I wrong for feeling like my heart was torn out because of what she did? Is what she did OK from her end? Was she wrong or could she have been better about communicating this with me? I just don't know how to process what happened and I feel bad but I still feel that if I am going to call somebody a friend, I should be able to talk to them about life without limitation. I do know there are boundaries but just making small talk shouldn't violate a boundary. I am just looking for validation.

I still do care about her as a person. I don't think she's evil but I do think that she doesn't have much  compassion for me.