I have a close friend who is problematic, but not towards me
A couple of years ago, I had a falling out with one of my friends and during this time, I fell back on this girl in my class, who I will call Blue. We got close in only a few months, and eventually, this will be the only time we will ever be in the same class. It was just the two of us. I'm in one of her classes now and my friends still associate me as her best or one of her closest friends. It's not a particularly good association (doesn't reflect on me though, just her).

A lot of people don't like her, especially the people I'm friends with now. I haven't been around for a while (I moved down to Brighton for a bit of time) and I haven't seen her either, but I know that she doesn't have a lot of friends. I've been hearing stories and past anecdotes about her that really troubled me, so I'd like to have some advice.

This one girl (who would never lie about something like this because she's so sweet, probably still hasn't gone through puberty) said that Blue once pit her up against the teachers and made her cry because she was so stressed and she didn't understand the situation. Blue has a kind of controlling personality and will not be open-minded to other people's ideas and input. An idea of close friend of my close friend, Yellow, was swept by as Blue simply dismissed it, and just wrote what she wanted to do in a group project. Yellow is also quiet, VERY passive and formerly a good friend of Blue and to some point, even I, so when I heard this happening to Yellow, I was really shocked that Blue could even do something like that.

She will also guilt-trip you and self-deprecate herself. She will tell you that everyone hates her and that she's really bad at a subject she does really well in. It's annoying, and sometimes I even hear it, but to others she does it in this really soft, guilt-tripping voice. It's a problem because often, she's the problem and then she guilt-trips to turn it to look like she's saying that the people calling her out are just trying to make her feel bad. 

But Blue has never done any of this to me. When I'm around her, we talk about our futures and Star Wars. She jokes and memes a lot, but because we're not as close anymore, they aren't as funny. I avoid confrontation too so I almost never rebutt her points. Recently, she apologized to me about how poor her behaviour was back then, but I didn't understand what she was talking about. Now, I get it. But her behaviour wasn't just 'back then' either, it was also just a couple (maybe about two) years ago. Maybe even now, but everyone has probably already distanced themselves from her.

She also has this fake 'caring' voice that she uses around the people in her music group. She never uses this voice around me, but the music people all generally speak like that. The thing is, the 'caring' side to her is just like a mask, and the people who know her know that she's not usually like that. She has hurt their friends who don't deserve to be hurt, and for no apparent reason either.

I know that most of my friends feel uncomfortable bringing her up around me because it'll be something negative (I've never heard anyone who really knows her say something positive about her), but because of that I've been sheltered to how she treats her classmates. Another girl (Red) once said that while she was consoling a friend who didn't like to be touched, Blue came in, wrapped her arms around the sobbing girl and 'glared' at Red like one of those mean girls. Never have I ever heard something so cliched and dramatised, but unfortunately, I could definitely picture it.

When I'm around her, I definitely don't feel like her personality is weighing down on me, but I'm conscious of the connotations surrounding her. All the girls mentioned are also my friendly mutuals, so they don't associate me with her, as I'm generally polite, quiet and will crack a joke around them. I also know that Blue doesn't like people so when we were walking from our class, I'm worried that we'll bump into someone that doesn't like her or whom she doesn't like. So yes, I am very bothered about how people view her, mostly because there actually is something to dislike.

What should I do? Slowly back out of this friendship? Should I slowly doorslam her until the end of the year when our class is over? Should I just continue being her friend despite her bad behaviours? 

Two things: the stories are most definitely true, and I don't want Blue to know that I know about her being a bad classmate. I overheard these stories from reliable people.

Sorry for the long post. Please help.