Friend slipping up at work. I talked to her and now she’s creating a bad environment for me.
I’ll call my ex friend Mary.  We met at work.  I really valued our friendship because it’s hard for me to make friends.  I had a few hurt me in the past, so I became guarded.  Plus, I had to leave behind true ones when I moved away from my hometown 3 years ago.  About a year and a half ago, she started dating a new guy.  They seemed to have an ok relationship.  After a year of dating, they started having problems.  Mary spent every lunch hour complaining about him the entire time.  She stopped asking me how I was, always steering the conversation toward her bf.  I tried to be there for her, hugging her and reassuring her she’ll be ok.  She would be like, yeah I know but...then continue complaining about him.  She admitted to nagging him, and he eventually got sick of it and broke up with her.  She was a mess, crying at work, sometimes not even coming in.  I felt bad for her but it was the same thing over and over all the time, and I ran out of stuff to say.  Not to be offensive toward women (I am one, after all), but being the environment it is, word about Mary’s breakup traveled fast, and all our coworkers went up to Mary to comfort her. She leaned heavily on four of them, who often came up to her desk and asked if she wanted to talk.  Mary stopped hanging out with me and started spending a lot of time with them.  Mary would say yes when they offered to talk to her at work and they’d talk for like a half hour or longer (my desk is next to hers, so that’s how I knew).  I would also see Mary huddled in the hallways talking to these women a lot.  It affected Mary’s work.  She started taking on less work (claiming she was overwhelmed) and not being around (she would go off to find one of the women), so the rest of us would be left to answer her calls or speak to her clients on her behalf.  Our boss is very hands off and is a poor manager so he has no idea, and my coworkers just excuse Mary because they feel bad for her and don’t wanna tell our boss.  But because she and I handle certain cases that only she and I know how to deal with, it’s usually me who’s left to pick up the extra slack.  This went on for 3 months.  Honestly, if she wasn’t a friend, I might gone to our boss, but I decided to talk to Mary about it.  It didn’t go well. She got defensive, denied that she was slipping up, and accused me of being a bad friend cuz I wasn’t there for her during this difficult time.  I tried to point out examples of her slipping up and she denied it again.  I also told her she wasn’t there for me when my friend committed suicide or my dad had a health scare which left him disabled.  She just responded that she was left in so much despair from the breakup that she wasn’t capable of being unselfish enough to be a friend.  We both walked away mad.  She started ignoring me completely.  I didn’t think I was wrong but I still felt bad.  As this was around Christmas time, I decided to extend an olive branch by giving her a small Christmas gift and card that just said I was sorry and I hoped she had a merry Christmas.  The next day, she said thanks and we’d talk soon.  The day after that, she was back to ignoring me.  Now she doesn’t speak to me or even look at me, just pretends I’m not there.  I can’t say for sure, but I get the feeling that she told our coworkers about our conversation (I haven’t told anyone at work about it) cuz I now get the cold shoulder from some of them, too, when just the day before, we were all ok.  They, in front of me, make a show of hugging Mary and offer food to each other but not to me.  I even got a dirty look from one of the women, too.  Sigh, I don’t know what to do.  Any advice?