I'm going to the party
Awhile back I was out drinking with my aunt. She decided to tell me a" huge family secret"  that my father was murdered by the guy my mom dated after he died. And that my mom was complicit. 

That my gramma and uncle , both dead now believed this too. That some doctor at the hospital said he looked as if he had been beaten to death. 

This pissed me off and confused me greatly since  my mother can't speak up for herself. She died  7 yr's ago. 

My aunt wasn't even there when my dad died in front if all us kids and my mom from an aneurysm when I was 2. 

This explains a lot about how I always felt me and my mom were outcast by my dad's family over the years. 

Yes my mom was a hippy and my dad's family didn't approve of her since she already had 4  kids when they married.

 Yes after he died she dated one of their mutual friends, who was black which they also disapproved of. 

That night riding my bike home from the bar I was crying and so confused praying to my mom and dad why would she say this to me? 

So i called my big sister/ best friend who calmed me down saying no, she was there, he wasn't murdered, my aunt just talking shit. 

My aunt  called me next day asking me not to tell my siblings what she said. She said she was afraid  the suspected murderer might come after her?! 

 Anyway by that time it was too late , but i didn't tell her that. I promised not to tell. I shouldn't have lied but the whole thing was just so bizarre I couldn't keep it to myself. 

My brother messaged her on FB that she was wrong, that he was there and saw everything , my dad was not murdered. 

The fact she would say that about my mom really upset all of us. 

Well since my brother messaged her, my aunt and my cousins completely ghosted me and my kids over the holidays and everything. 

Before then we were close travelling together and going to events and parties all the time. My kids don't get it. Where is auntie they say , can we go visit? I just say she's busy.

So yesterday my cousins ex posted about a birthday party for her 3 yo son. I msgs her me and my 4 and 7 yo would like to go. She said sure sorry she forgot to invite us. 

So now I'm about to go and see all of them for the first time since all the bs. Im nervous but I know it's the right thing to do. Give me strength mom and dad!