Is this my distorted reality?
Okay, I almost always run into this problem with friends, and I'm not sure how to get out of the situation without feeling guilty or ashamed of losing yet another friend.

Situation One
There's this friend whom I helped many times and every single time other people bashed me, she would either laughed with other people or further ridicule me.  Things like asking me to fix her phone, helping her find a place to rent, providing her with advice on many issues...

I have since asked her not to further ridicule me, and her response was, "oh this is not what I do, but I would like to remain friends with you because you are a resourceful person and you see things differently." I kind of ghosted her after I graduated from university, but I always wondered whether I handled the situation appropriately.  She always tries to avoid me in public space, but when she gets into a car accident, she would call me and ask for help.  I am neither interested nor in love with her.  I actually felt she might be in a hopeless state, that's why she wanted my help.  

SCENARIO TWO
I have this friend who always makes weird implication towards how stingy I am.  They made assumptions about my contributions to me and my SO and said things like, "Oh, if given the opportunity, would you kill [so's name] and claim his insurance policy", "You know greedy people normally turn out to be the poorest bunch in the population right?".  The fact is, I have been contributing to the relationship between my SO, my SO is older than me, so in a way, my SO is more financially independent.  At times when SO is helping me out, I always mark the number down so I know how much I owe SO [actually he calculated the amount and sends me invoices].  But I won't disclose such details to my friends.  I am just disappointed as to how people assume things and the last thing I want is to be the victim in every f*ing relationship.

Is there something I am not seeing here, is there a problem with how I am handling the situation well?