Too cowardice or just selfish?
So English is not my first language so there might be some grammar mistakes but this has been bugging me for a while now.
There was this girl I met some time during my last year of middle school and I guessed she took an interest in me, I was pretty confused as I wasn't the type to stand out much and I wouldn't talk at all unless someone comes up and starts a conversation with me. And she was the one to do that - uh, during a school graduation ceremony, of course. After that, we went to different high schools but still kept in touch.

So overtime, after the graduation, we kind of became close, as friends. Well I didn't have many friends to start with so I spent a lot of time talking to her about all kind of stuff and I was devoted, if she was sad I would spend my day trying to cheer her up or yes, I wouldn't push her to say what was on her mind if she didn't want to share but yeah, I could do anything to make her happy because as I said before, I didn't have many friends, I was bullied and she was the first one to be so kind to me - all my "friends" kind of just sided with the bullies when they knew I was the target. At one point, I thought I was in love with her. But that was the part I would feel guilty whether it came up, I thought because she was the popular type, and she had a boyfriend, dating her was something I could never do. But then she broke up with her boyfriend (it was some kind of argument over some disagreements iirc), I was happy about it but it just wasn't the right time, she was sad and she would spent the whole summer the following year after we met just talking with me about stuff and as we could do some drawings, we kind of made a world of our own and we would stay up until 2 in the morning everyday just to think of a concept for that universe (it's like making a comic or something, I'm a big nerd for world concepts) so it was like I was bonded with her. Anyways I think I'm being too informative about this so I'll just skip to the main point. After that, about 6 months or so I tried to be an understanding friend and I didn't take a single opportunity to try to flirt with her as I knew I would be a dick if I had done that - well because I thought I shouldn't pressure her into a relationship whereas she just got out of one.

So anyways, after a year, she got over it, I thought it was the right time for me but I didn't have the confidence to confess because I was overprotective of her as she didn't/doesn't have a good family and I was more like a big brother to her, because she was the one who wasn't good with dealing problems and I've lived my whole life dealing with all kinds of problems so I had a good view of dealing with them (I won't go into details as it would be another really long story) - So the idea of us dating was kind of ridiculous - I still don't know if she ever felt the same way. So I tried to change for the better, I went out to socialize more (it was exhausting but hey, there are things you would do for love), I worked out to lose weight so she doesn't feel embarrassed if we were to get together (she doesn't say it but I know she doesn't even want to date a fat guy) - I wanted to be a good partner for her, I know I wouldn't be the best but I could try. I tried to be someone reliable because I know full well she kind of looked down on me, how she tried to prove that she's better than me at everything (she is, at some fields). But the distressing part was that she started changing, she is still popular (yup, up until now), but she had more outbursts, she was constantly crying and whether I came up to ask her what was wrong she would throw a fit at me so I thought I was invading her privacy too much so I didn't say anything anymore, I was just there, trying to be supportive. So for the second time, I let go of another opportunity for a girlfriend.

(you can actually skip the first two parts but I just felt like going into details, sorry)

The third time, I thought it was time to make a move and she met a girl and fell in love with her instantly, I was supportive of her regardless. The latter one was also attracted to her so I thought just what kind of person would be so selfish to stop their bestfriend from getting in another relationship. I mean, honestly, I never had any luck with girls so I could just wait for later, her being happy was my priority. Yeah, so ever since I tried to change, I was better at talking. So I helped them get together, how to reply just to get the other one to be her girlfriend. And after that, our friendship was getting better. I thought I was the happiest person at the time, but another part of me was devastated. That part was well hidden for quite some time but it grew, it hated her girlfriend, it hated the fact that I was being too devoted and never got anything in return (I didn't quite expect anything in return from the start but I guess my feelings piled up). And before I knew it, I was being a control freak, I hated the other one not out of jealousy, but rather because she brought her down - her girlfriend was suicidal, she kept saying how she wanted to die - well I could careless about that because I knew lovers don't like bestfriends. That is, until she started saying how she wanted to die, she was constantly whining, crying and whether I asked her she just said nothing was wrong and kept on doing so. And whether I tried to talk some sense into her she just replied with a single "Ok." and it was bugging me. And she spent most of her time talking to her girlfriend and kinda just went anywhere with her, I never knew what was going on in her life anymore at this point. Now I'm not that small to start hating her for that, I let it slide anyways, though it bugged the hell out of me. So as you all know how important your last year of highschool is, she kind of just felt so down she lost a great deal of weight but it's kinda weird how I started to careless about details, about her too, of course, guessing because I was let down so many times. But anyways, my feelings for her started to fade, but regardless, I still tried to cheer her up, pushing her to study but she gave me the cold shoulders and even got mad at me for "interfering" with her life. And ever since we talked less. Then lately I don't know what is wrong with me but I just started feeling hatred for her. I didn't even blame myself for that. I just...Hated her. But for some reasons, I can't quite tell her and I don't even know why, why our distance grew and why I loved her and now I hate her.

Is it strange?