hot and cold friend
I do quite a bit of online gaming on console the past year and have made some great friendships during the span of time. Some of them have developed into stronger friendships (we bond on more than just gaming). I became close with one guy in particular and I'd say he's become one of my best friends. We met each other through a mutual group but through shared interests and our ease in conversation, we became close enough to add each other on various social platforms and IM. Initially, we texted all the time but I've been noticing very recently, his texts have gotten shorter and less frequent. I get that eventually friendships can go through lulls but I feel like things have changed. I had always thought he was very sweet and affectionate; always asking about my day, initiating conversations, and just being a kind friend in general. If it's been a couple of hours and i haven't replied, he'd message me to check up. I admit it was a bit intense at first but I had gotten used to it and reciprocated. But now that he's kind of dropped off, I feel like I am becoming overbearing and that's the last thing I want to be. I feel like I'm putting in more effort to keep a conversation going these days. I've brought up the change in our interaction but he reassures me nothing is wrong yet things just aren't what they used to be. On top of that, I am starting to feel this tiny annoyance grow inside of me...I don't nearly game as much as he does so when I do come online, we usually play games together. Sometimes we play with other friends but about half the time or more, we game with each other. We don't really play in groups much because he's a bit of an introvert and doesn't feel comfortable in large group settings. The other day, I was invited to play with a friend we made online. Prior to this, my friend and I had some particularly frustrating games so he was signing off early. But me not wanting to play with our new friend alone, i told him i got an invite and got him back online pretty quick to join me...but the whole time he was kind of silently sulking until he texted me he just thought it was weird that this guy would want to play with me and that was what made him feel weird. Eventually he warmed up and started talking like a normal person so I was happy by the time I called it a night and found that all of them were bonding. These incidents have happened a handful of times in the past month and it's left me slightly annoyed and very confused.
