Should I reach out to her or leave it alone? (TL;DR)
I had a friend and it ended pretty bad IMO. I’ve really missed her over the past couple years and I thought about re-befriending her but I’m not sure.

I’ll start with the good things about our past friendship: -she was pretty sweet to me. Very supportive of most things. -She stood up for me when like half the school picked on me for having a 2 foot bright orange Mohawk. -She tried to keep me from dating a pretty Toxic boy (but at the time I was young and wouldn’t listen) -She made me walk around the entire town with her frequently (helped me lose the weight I’d gained and build some muscle in my legs) -She was for the most part a great friend

Now the bad: -since I didn’t listen about Toxic boy, we ended up dating for about 4 years. He’s said he didn’t like her cause when they went to school together she flirted with him and when he kissed her in the hallway she told the school he sexually assaulted her and got him sent to juvie. Now while I’m not gonna go into the semantics of whether or not it was s. Assault in anyway, I will say she fully apologized to him and me for it a while back but he made me tell her that we didn’t accept her apology and to “fuck off” -She borrowed a couple box sets of shows from me around this time, those sets were given to me by favorite aunt when I was young. When I wanted them back she claimed she couldn’t find them. Almost a year went by of her “looking” for them, and I told her (mostly from Toxic boy pushing me to) if she didn’t find them by the end of the week I was going to call the police and report her for stealing them. She gave them back to me a couple days later (scratched, though I don’t know if she knew they were scratched) -I also shortly dated, and quickly broke up with one of her brothers last year (our personalities didn’t really mix well) but I don’t think she holds it against me

The manority of us breaking up was due to Toxic Boy (he’s he was toxic, he tried to fuck literally any girl friend I introduced him to) pushing me into breaking up with her, telling me she was the toxic one cause she didn’t support our relationship and cause of the juvie thing from years before.

In 2015 she reached out to me on Facebook saying: “Hey i know your probably the last person you wanna hear from but, i just wanted to say im sorry for all the bullshit that happened when i was still in school. If you don't wanna be friends thats understandable, just know thats not me anymore, and im sorry” Which, of course, Toxic boy made me to reply incredibly rudely to and our friend ship just kind of died.

So I need a second, strangers, opinion. What do I do?

*TL;DR: Toxic (now ex) boyfriend made me ditch abrasive friend, do I rekindle friendship?*