Why is it that I forget information about certain people?

Today, I've asked one of my female coworkers about what degree is she going for even though I keep asking that question when I forgot. She told me she's going for a dental bachelor. I've brought up that I've brought this up a bunch of times and she nodded.  I felt pretty embarrassed for asking that question and forgetting the answer a lot of times. (She isn't the only one though)

I think the reason why I forget is because the front end has a tendency to have its employees to have erratic working schedules thus it doesn't help when some of the employees go to college on their days off.  I'm twenty five year old woman who doesn't go to college because I'm not too wild about school. 

I know a little bit about some of my coworkers, but I don't hang out with them outside the workplace because of many reasons. 

1.) I don't always to make the effort to build a relationship with them because I don't have a lot to say except for questions such how's your day, what time are you working til, and anything new.  I will speak when I'm spoken to.

2.) I'm usually inside my head thinking a lot. 

3.) I look for people with similar interests. (video games, animation, internet, vaporwave, and so forth on)

4.) I usually wait until someone talks to me.

5.) I don't open up to people easily.

6.) My social life is spent more online.

7.) The interests I have aren't mainstream (video games seem to be somewhat mainstream these days)

8.) I have autism while most of the employees don't have autism. 

9.) I don't drive due to my fear of disability limiting my ability to drive safety.

10.) I don't talk a lot about my interests because I'm afraid I may obsess over them over and over again due to the point it may annoy co workers.

11.) I don't usually get involved with conversations with co workers because I need to focus on my job.

12.) When the time gets busy, I normally don't talk a lot. Again, I need focus on the job. 

13.) I come from a solitary family from my mother's side. (introversion)

14.) I have a fear that I may say something that may offend them.

15.) I don't always have the motivation to socialize.

16.) I don't talk about my social life with family for reasons.

17.) I come across as serious, thus it doesn't help that I take a lot of things seriously


I'm currently looking for free volunteer drivers in my area so I could get to places and make and keep friends.  Thankfully, I have someone at home to take me to work, but not always available to take me. Thus I can get to work by walking. (My town is somewhat walk-able)

Back to retaining some information about co workers, I remember them I like some of the facts about them. I will put the first letter of my names of the co workers for privacy.

Example: B is  big on cats, she has an eighteen year old daughter who used to have a pet bunny long time ago. 
She also love chinese as much as I do. 

C loves to play video games just like I do.  He doesn't like the customer is always right policy.


I have a fifteen minute break for every five hours I work. The breakroom tends to vary with there's no people to there's lots of people.

Some of the co workers I know use their phone to browse on the internet while eating, and I don't want to bother them while they browse on their phone. Let's face it, it's getting tougher to socialize in real life when internet's taking over everyday life. 

TL;DR I'd like to know why I lose track of facts of particular co workers and what could I do about it.