How do I reconcile with a failed friendship from the past
Earlier this year, I met a Colombian woman in my state and failed at my attempts to date her; many of our disagreements surrounded my personal history of morbid obesity.  Although I am 5'9'' and now weight around 240 lbs, I have weighed nearly 400 lbs as a teenager and young adult.

We dined together and talked to each other for around two weeks.  Within that timeframe, I became very disaffected by her constant criticisms of other men she dated, such as her issues with their hygiene, lack of direction, etc.  After talking to her nearly everyday, she suddenly asked me "Do you think we're dating?... I think we can only be friends."  I immediately parted ways with her, informed her of my thoughts on her demanding and emotionally draining ways, very bluntly told her that I didn't like her, and directed her to no longer communicate with me.

After another two weeks, she texted me out of the blue and said she "understood" my anger, asked to reconnect saying that she though I was a "beautiful" person, and eventually informed me that her "biggest concern was my weight."  After another month, we went out (with me spending money for gas, etc.) and explored multiple regions in my state.  She kept encouraging me to lose weight and gave me a diet book.  Within the last times we spoke, she confided in me that she was an undocumented immigrant and told me - in anguished tears - about a failed marriage here in the U.S., as well as unwanted sexual encounters she faced here.   I offered my help, but she declined any of my attempts to reconcile her immigration status.  After another week, I became very depressed about not meeting specific weight targets.  I eventually broke down, said I felt "less than human," and asked if we could postpone any further in-person meetings until I could lose enough weight.  Over the weekend, she ignored my texts; I drove to her home to see if she was okay and noticed her car was parked outside.

She eventually texted me, saying that I was a person with "unfriendly attitudes" sometimes.  Later in the day, she told me that hearing me talk of my weight was tiring.  I was so baffled I couldn't get out a response.  After that, she told me that  I am "too sensitive," looked at the criticism as an insult, and then mockingly told me "everything hurts you, everything affects you."  I told her that ignoring me was inherently wrong and hung up.  She then gave me a long text ending that I should "just be happy... happiness isn't just about body image."  

I need advice on how to handle situations like this.  My gut reaction was to tell her she was a "selfish bitch" and hang up the phone.  Looking back, that's probably what I needed to do, because that's exactly what I was thinking at the time.

Secondly, I need to really reevaluate a relationship with a therapist who told me that cutting her off the first time I did was the wrong thing to do.   I am holding a serious grudge against him, particularly as I don't trust him anymore.

In sum, I am unhappy in life - because of shit like this.  I try to be a good person and deal with human turds.  But I need to be strong enough to break out of it rather than be a victim.