Estranged mum possibly dying
Hi so I'm basically in need of some help here with a big issue from people who have possibly experienced something similar.
So it's a long story and I'll try and keep it to the parts the are mine to tell to keep things less complicated. So first things first me and my mother have had a somewhat rocky relationship from since I can remember, it was more of a rollercoaster and have been estranged for a year. Although the intense emotional disrupt from the relationship has lasted much longer. 
A brief history of this would be as follows, since a young age my mum has never been the "settle down type" she was always away either to holidays guys she would meet online would take her on too out every weekend. Me and my sister had to learn fast from a young age that we weren't able to live a childhood like most of our friends and basically raise our little brother. Sometimes she would be caught leaving us alone for so long and we'd have to stay with her friends so she wouldn't get in trouble and others we'd have to just make sure not to miss school so she wouldn't get caught. After years of this repeated behaviour some days easier some harder living from feast (when mum would bag herself a wealthy guy) too mum didn't win at bingo this week and a 40 fag a day habit is expensive habit to keep up why don't you just have beans on toast tonight, ofcourse I know that this is better than alot of kids we had a roof over our head and food in our stomachs it was always just chaos. Cut forward to my mum deciding she wanted to move back to ireland.
I was about 10 at the time and and as such didn't want to move that's when the abuse went from none of my boyfriend's stay because of my kids too physical, she had us all so scared saying that while we were staying with grandad and granny and they heard us complaining this is what we'd get she kick us or grab us, I had been beaten before by my dad before he left so this was nothing I couldn't handle and until now never really tried to think about since. I just remember that I stayed very quiet for those coming weeks.
When we moved to Ireland it was just after the first week a man showed up at my grandparents came in kissed my mum and said hello to me and my sister and said he was so glad to meet us. Turned out he was engaged to mum.....and they were planing on being married within the year, all of a sudden the reason for moving became clear. So After the breakdown of their relationship the next week the man moved back to America in the night and that was that here we were living with my grandparents in Ireland with no where else to go, my mum a big believer of why would I have to work I have kids stuck. Now I know from mum's point of view this must of been a heart breaking moment, but looking back I think this is where alot of my sadness in life begins and I hate her for it. I know hate is a horrible thing to hold onto but it's the only thing that got me where I am today and kept me as a person and I'm definitely aware I'm no Ghandi so judge me all you want but wait until I'm finished atleast.

The next few months were basically limbo, we moved too late to start the term at school so had to wait until the end of term and summer to join, that's from April till September if I'm remembering right of living in the middle of nowhere in Ireland, sleeping in a room with your young brother older sister nothing to do but wait for the day to end we would take walks here or there and get to go to mass on a Saturday night but minus that it's all we had I realised then that mum had failed to do the one thing that kept giving me hope that one day we could have a "normal" family she was nowhere to be found off on holidays for weeks one after the other while our grandparents fed us and kept us in their home. I remember a week going by without hearing anything from her and I had to assume that's it she's gone.

Yet she came back this time more shiny and brand new then ever, she said she had found us a house not to far away and go to school and it was the start of our new life. So ofcourse I felt overwhelmed at how amazing this might actually be. Mum made sure though to show her appreciation that Christmas by starting a huge family row with my her brothers and my grandparents, they had all chipped in to buy me and my siblings bigger toys for Christmas, I got a playstation 2 my sister got clothes and makeup and a bike my brother got lego ect that kind of thing, now Christmas was never a thing for us mum had explained from a young age that the santa thing was a lie and we would get what she could afford again this is not as bad as it sounds I'd rather the truth always and she at the end of the day was a single mother why would we expect anything "big" so ofcourse she didn't like the gesture and disowned everyone there etc
But we were moving to new house and starting a new life what more could I have wanted. So after living in the new house for a week mum decided that now my sister was 14 she could come on a "girls" holiday with her and as such they went the next week I think my sister was just happy to be out of school so went plus I didn't mind my brother was older and didn't need as much attention any more so I kinda looked forward to it, after they came back my sister let me know that she had done it again and gotten engaged and tried to warn me I guess that atleast I could know beforehand this time, the guy she was engaged to worked abroad the entire time so mum basically worshipped the computer so she could talk to him all the time she would sleep the same time as him (during the day) and be up all night, if ever the internet would go down or the house wasn't cleaned or dinners weren't in the house she would freak sometimes more physical then not, up until the day she said we were moving again so long story short the guy moved over they were engaged I was still never told by my mother and I had to sit through the guy explaining how he was gonna be my new dad for 4 hours while we drove to our new home, setting the scene it was a country bungalow which hadn't been lived in for years but me and my sister had done stuff like this in the past so we started into doing it up mum didn't like the physical side of it but loved the planning so she kept busy for a while, quick side note, I loved school, hated the abuse for being the English guy in an Irish school, I had ended up in hospital etc due to some of the abuse, we lived quite happily for a while until my "new dad" went back abroad to work for the summer, I started work that summer and so did my sister, my mum would be obcessed with my step dad when he was working who he saw etc until she decided he was definitely cheating (he wasnt) and decided she would too, she spent ages trying to get me and my sister to set up dating profiles for her and to cover on the phone if ever she was out on dates, when he returned as you could imagine arguments between them started and one thing my mother is good at is arguing she was always able to make him think he had done something wrong and she did nothing it didn't help that mum would threaten to throw us out if we ever told him what happened. So that was us for a while weeks of calm and weeks of arguing. Mum must have decided to quit the online dating world for a while and started into online poker, she would find out how much we would earn and take that as rent and spend it on online poker, she would take out debts, spend it on online poker, take my stepdads wages, spend it on online poker, this isn't a film so I won't say she was ever good or ever won, or more anything she did win didn't go straight back in. That summer we went with my step dad to his job abroad the company only could afford a one bed flat for the five of us and to keep stuff private I won't say place names but it was a tropical island, 5 people, one bedroom, one bathroom and since there was a casino down the road thanks to mum no money. That's when I realised that no matter how seemingly redicoulous the situation we were just furniture in mum's whirlwind lifestyle. One instance I'll go into detail would be this one from that summer. I had saved  £300 pound in secret we didn't have enough money for clean water or food for the next 4 days so I thought you know what I'll just say that I had a little bit of money I didn't realise I had and buy food etc. So I did, mum seen the food swore and gave off loads had me return it and took the money to the casino.....that is one instance of many. 
So after that summer mum went back to her online poker and we went back to normal until the next summer when mum decided she wanted to go to America with a friend from online, no prize for guessing what kind of friend, and that's the summer when I kind of shut down, I stopped eating and I stopped caring, I finally thought maybe if I very quietly and very slowly wasted away it would all be ok I didn't need to be around. I would cook everyone else's Meals and just say I had something to eat while cooking, I lost 4 stone in 2 months. Even as im typing this its hard to write. I talked to my mother once in those two months, the time she had no money and needed help. I went into auto pilot I would wake up clean the house play playstation with my brother make dinner and stay up till 3 in the morning with background noise sometimes I cut myself sometimes I would exercise till I vomited, I was slowly dying and that goal was what got me through the day that one day hopefully I wouldn't wake up, my sister was too busy with her new boyfriend and I didnt want to ruin her happiness my brother was too young to understand I thought and my step dad just wanted a clean house and for what he was wearing to work and eating at work to be sorted. 

So then the message came that mum wanted us to come to America and stay with her for a bit. Once there at the airport was the first time I'd seen my mum cry. The first time shed shown genuine concern for me, in fairness being "big boned" in our family was normal we are tall and none of us underweight, and there I stood 16 years old 6ft1 and a total of 8 stone must of been mad for her I guess.
So if you guessed it right remember no prizes she was in America with another man he like all of mum's affairs seemed nice but not really in it for the kids they would have their relationship and we would be in the background. A million times o wanted to tell the poor guy but being stranded in a different continent didn't seem like something that we could get out off so I kept quiet. Things went on as they would mum would act like she was single and we'd have to agree with whatever lie she told. Her visa ran out and we had to go back home.
These times seem like they should involve more but at this point I was too numb to the world I didn't register it I would live in the lie I had to and disconnect.

Mum and my stepdads relationship continued to take on more strain every time with more and more intensity. Mum did try a little more to be a mother to me and even took me to doctors apointments to help try and deal with my depression and ofcourse I don't blame her for it I had decided what I wanted to do and I am responsible for that. Our relationship improved a little and I actually gained some nice memories. 

So in the next year something well something really bad happened to me, I don't like going into too many details but the overall was I taken advantage of by someone I thought I could trust and to this day I still struggle with calling it rape but deep down I know that it was, my sexuality had never been a big deal to me as id always known and never acted on it but I told someone for the first time and well yeah non consenting acts occurred.

The reason why I'm saying this is because Its what lead me to try to come out to my mother, our relationship was at its best and so I felt I needed to tell someone what had happened to me and at the very least try and get some help because I was already mental as fragile as I was.

The long and short is it didn't turn out well, I mean imagine your worst situation and how low you felt. Now sink a little lower.

I tried to tell my friends and get help and if not for one person I don't think I would have made it through.

I still had to finish school though and with only a year left I lived through that situation and my past experiences taught me how to become numb.

Cut to me getting the results I needed and getting into the course I wanted. 

I moved out after much arguing and for the first time I was free to be the person I knew I could be, I made so many new friends i gained weight for the first time I was always independent and knew I was happy. Like actually happy.

I met a guy the most thoughtful caring person and still to this day I think I'm glad I didn't die because every day is worth whatever he'll I went through

Stuff with mum was still messy but it was away and in it's neat little box of past baggage. She would ring and talk about a new guy she met and then talk about how much she loves my step dad.

I finally thought you know what last chance I'm going to tell her about the guy in my life and if she didn't like it then I could move on and understand that maybe she wasn't supposed to understand and leave it at that but to my suprise she seemed fine with it.

Weeks past he met my family and my mum was lovely it was weird like she was a different person out relationship became so much better she still borrowed money shed never give back and cheated but we could talk about other things normal things.

Things continued with their ups and downs for a few years I carried on being happy and asked the guy to marry me which he said yes too. That's when the bigger troubles started.

So a quick list.
Mum wouldn't allow him to keep the engagement ring on.
She demanded monthly visits regardless of what was happening
Started alienating his family and comparing their lives and how different they were to us
Pitting my brother and sister against me and themselves

And just general, idk mental abuse without sounding too intense it was weird because anytime it would get seriously intense and be basically ruining any day to day stability she would stop and be nice again for a few weeks. 

It was unfair to my fiance though alot of the time it felt as if she kept making situations in which he would have to increasingly prove him self with the more he would do. Sometimes it came down to outright having to prove his love to me and became more and more frequent. She started to try and control our wedding ie spending, decor etc. 

The event that started the end was when we had to unfortunately rehome our cat due to him not getting along with our dog etc this sent mum berserk she rang my work demanding to speak to me and completely dressed me down on the phone and my fiance and how dare we calling me and my fiance worse than our father's  (both of which had left us as kids)
She said we weren't to rehome it and weren't allowed etc. My sister and brother got involved and were repeating my mother's words. Showing the same cycle of go along with mum or terrible things happen. 

So then there was an issue with Christmas this is a long one so to keep it short basically how dare I suggest to go to my fiances family even though he had been to ours and how as my mother I am not allowed at this point I'm 23 years old.

Straw that broke the camel's back, mum's dog unfortunately died, and with work I wasn't able to make it down and neither was my fiance, we were barred from the "open house" they decided to do for the dog and we received phone calls daily calling us all the names under the sun. My fiance had recently got a job with the nhs and was starting it on the Monday and as such said on Facebook he was happy to about this. Now I got a phone call from my mother but it wasn't a sane person it was unbelievable and to this day still scares me, from moments maniacal laughter to screaming to whispering she did it all at how dare he be happy on the day her dog was being cremated......it was some scary stuff like I am a huge animal lover yes but the way she felt personally attack that someone had something good in their life when she didnt that day was disturbing. That night my sister calls and is basically the same except for the line "if you can't attend dog funerals then we can't attend weddings" and that was it. That was the moment. 

I hung up the phone saying I wish them happiness and health and that if this is the way it is then that's it.

And that was it I blocked them from contacting me and had one of the best years of my life.

I have become mentally stronger, I am happier and I'm well I feel like the person I'm supposed to be.

Until today I get a message from an account on Instagram "mum has cancer can you give me a number to contact you on"

Now in all this I haven't even mentioned everything like the fact mum has pretended to have a heart attack before and has lied about equally as worse.

I know it's a horrible thing to not want to reach out after a message like that but I don't want to go back to the pain I was in before I feel like can't breathe when I even think about giving my number and know that even if it's true and she does have cancer that I could never have a relationship that isn't toxic with these people I need advice and help but mostly I needed to share so thanks if ya read this far there's so much to this and I feel like I haven't even mentioned half the stuff that happened but please do I stick to social norms and try and be a good son or do I put my mental health first.

Thanks