Im a mess and I need to rant.
Every so often, I'll find a glimmer of hope and try my hardest to change my life. I'll start exercising and eating healthy, and pushing myself to talk to people, and I'll actually feel pretty good for a few days. Then I just stop. I'll wake up one day and and have absolutely no desire to be healthy anymore and slip right back into feeling like shit and hating myself because I can't commit to the simplest of things. This is probably the fourth time it's happened in the past year. I made some really bad choices today regarding food, which made me feel so much worse because in my eyes, my worth as a human being is directly tied to the shape of my body. Nobody could  ever convince me that it's not. 
This past bought of motivation, I tried to convince myself that I was going to exercise and eat right for the sake of my health, but in the back of my mind, I knew the only real reason was because I wanted to lose weight. And now here I am, completely abandoned diet and exercise and right back into the throws of depression. All I want to do anymore is lay in bed and try to fall asleep. I don't have a job (or the desire to have one) and I lost most of my friends because I never talked to them. I live with my mom who I thought I could talk to about anything, but I feel like I can't tell her about how bad it's gotten. It doesn't help that she tells me everyday that I need to get a job. I know she is right, but it makes me feel like an even bigger piece of garbage because I've never held down a job for more than 4 months. If I got a job right now, I'd probably have a breakdown and quit the first week.  I went through cosmetology school and put myself into debt just to wind up hating the field and trying to lie to myself that I didn't. I thought it was all about doing hair, but it turns out it's all about trying to get people to buy some shitty hair product. I know my outlook on the world is fucked up, but I don't know how to change myself. It's like all these negative thoughts are engraved in the back of my skull. I just feel like I'm stuck and any move I make is the wrong one. 


Sorry this is all over the place, I'm just really deep into it right now and needed to vent. 