I've posted a few times on these forums and everyone has always been so helpful and supportive, so I'm hoping I can get some help with this.  For the last few weeks, my depression has been so horrendous, worse than it's ever been, that I have not been able to go to work.  I keep calling in sick, and then when I can finally make myself go, I hide in the bathroom crying or go to an empty office (not in my cubicle) and call my mother and cry to her.  I've been in touch with my pdoc, who is in the process of passing me off to another doctor.   Granted, it's at my request, as he is not on my insurance.  However, he's not willing to put me on any other types of medications since he won't be seeing me regularly.  I've spoken to my long - time pdoc from Dallas, my hometown, and he knows me very well.  I trust him more than any other doctor, which is not saying much, but he says that I'm unipolar, aka major depressive disorder, and a mood stabilizer would be the next best thing to try since all the antidepressants are not working.  (was taking 30mg celexa, just upped to 40mg when this all started.)  I'm seeing a new pdoc that's covered by my insurance on Monday, so maybe things will move forward.

Ok, so back to the work thing.  My supervisor is not sympathetic to my problem.  In all fairness, I have not told her details.  I find that most people do not consider mental disease a real medical problem.  She suggested that I talk to Human Resources about taking some type of leave if I don't know when I'll be better.  I'm working on that and hoping one of these doctors will sign for me.

The biggest problem I have is the guilt over missing work.  I never imagined that the depression could get so bad that I couldn't just suit up and show up.  That's been my motto every time things get rough.  I guess I'm looking for validation here.  If I really do have it in my to get to work, I certainly can't find it.  I'm a very responsible person, so this is not like me.  The only time I've ever called in sick is when I was having depression issues, but never more than one day.  Everyone gets a sick day, and I never get the flu or anything, so I don't feel guilty about those days. 

What do I do?  Am I looking at this the wrong way?  It's so hard to be objective when you are so low.  My saving grace is that my parents (who are far away in Dallas) are being the most supportive people in the world.  They believe me when I say I just can't get to work, since that's not like me, but that's not like them either, so I know they want me to get there if I can. 

Thanks to anyone who took the time to read this.  I'm hoping someone else has gone through it and can help.
