Hi, after 2 posts on the DF I'm finally beginning to work out the format. Excuse the typo's as going through Prozac withdrawals and kind of shaky! I'm 27 years old, I live in the UK, Studied psychology, trained psychiatric nurse, behavior family therapist, and trainee CB therapist. Not sure if I can go back to my CBT course as I have missed so much time from university due to my current episode. This is my worst episode ever. I have had depression for 8 years, and have been ashamed and embarrassed by it. As my life seems to be ebbing away, I have come out with it and seeking psychiatric help. My problem has been that I work in psychiatry and have feared loosing my job/career. It means everything to me. It's the only thing I have and couldn't bare seeing it go down the toilet. Friends don't understand and know how to discuss the topic with me. My family doesn't know as it would devastate an already broken family. For 8 years I've suffered in silence, cried silent screams, been tormented by my own brain. I hate imagining living a life like this especially when the long term effects I'm reminded of every day (my patients). The only person I had was my ex girlfriend, we split last year. CAUSE? me. Stress got the better of me, my thinking became screwed and I've lost her, for life. She was the only one I could talk to, some one I had known for, 12 odd years. Depression has ruined my life. This episode has been an eye opener. This is the first time planet earth is hearing about my struggle. Something, which may have otherwise been lost. My secrets buried with me. Don't confuse this as a suicide note. It isn't. It's me talking about things in this way for the first time. I'm over the crisis point but nowhere near my usual self and need to sort my medicines out with my doctor as soon as possible. I've had a brave chat with my boss who is going to sort out a psychiatrist in the next 10 days, all being well. I have only taken one OD in 1998 with a serious intent to kill myself. Doctors said I survived as I woke up. For years I've avoided talking about it, never wanted to see a psychiatrist but realize now (well for now) that there is 2 people inside me. One is me, the other is depression and to stand the best chance of staying well and keeping well then I need to face I have a problem. Around 3 weeks ago I was so actively suicidal, I was thinking of jumping off a bridge into the river, i searched the internet for ways to kill myself. I'm out of that acute phase but don't trust myself. I have tried SSRIs but they just don't agree with me so it looks like I'm going back on Mirtazapine. I stopped taking it sometime ago as I put on weight. Since last year I've lost 2 stone through diet and exercise. In the last 3 weeks I've lost 4 lbs as a result of depression. Right now my mind's blank. I've never chatted to anyone on this forum before but I know you guys know what I'm going through. My life has never been the same since 1998. It never will be. My dad died in 2002 since then things have worsened. I have so much to say I could write on but going to leave it for now. You guys are the first to hear my full (well pretty full) story. I have never had the courage to speak like this before. Bye for now