I just told all 100 students I teach I have depression in an email about finals week
I'm an undergraduate TA at a university, in an interdisciplinary class about the brain. I absolutely love being a TA, but admittedly this quarter it has been a struggle mentally, I often feel anxious that I am doing a horrible job.

I sent out this email to all 100 of my students about finals:

Hi everyone,

These next two weeks will be a really, really tough time for all of you. I know how incredibly hard you all have worked this quarter, and how hard you will push yourselves during this final stretch, but there are 2 other things I want you to know:

1) I, the other TAs, and our professor will not be disappointed if you do not perform as well you want, so you shouldn't be either. Tests and grades are not always the best reflection of you as students/scientists, and they are most certainly are not a reflection of your worth as a person. All a test assesses is how much content you remember and how well you can take a test at a certain time on a certain day. It is simply one data point, and as you should all know by now, 1 data point is not representative of the population. For many of you, you have other finals/presentations/responsibilities going on, and it'll be difficult to find time to study. For others, you may want so badly to study a lot, but can't because you are so stressed and anxious. I personally deal with anxiety and depression, and I know how utterly frustrating it is when your mind doesn't work as well as you want it to. 

2) Take care of yourself. Eat good food, get some sleep, spend time with people you love. 

So, while you prepare for finals these next weeks, keep these two things in mind. You are all incredibly curious, kind, intelligent and important people. I brag all the time that I get to work with the most amazing group of students who bring unique and valuable contributions to this class everyday, and inspire me to be the best TA I can possibly be.

Cheering you on!!
~austen1996

(I can't believe I just told all my students about my mental illness, but it honestly feels so liberating to do so. It also feels so hypocritical of me to send this, because I attribute much of my self-worth to academics and don't practice much self-care.....but I felt like this needed to be said).

