I've really hit a new low
I cannot believe how depressed I am right now, I am just imploding. I got fired from yet another job for being incompetent as usual. Usually I'm pretty good at bouncing back but this job just broke something inside me. I'm a damn failure. Three attempts at college. Flunked out after the first year. That's ok, college isn't for everyone. Try a bunch of min wage jobs. Get fired or quit with in the first month or two. I can't do damn thing.

I have no motivation to do anything at all anymore. I used to clock around 3-4 hours a day gaming because it was something I genuinely enjoyed. I've gotten 30 minutes in an entire damn week. I literally just can't muster the strength to want to do it. I've been pulling away from people because it's just exhausting to talk to them. I literally just get tired after five minutes of conversation. It's insane. We'll barely be through the how's your day been going before I already want to go somewhere else because it's so draining.

I've hit a complete rock wall in therapy. I tell my therapist nearly all of this shit and she helps me as best she can but there's only so much she's able to do. She has no magic way of instilling me with motivation. Like... to put it into perspective. I stared at a wall for 2 hours today. Because I just was to tired to anything else. 2 hours! I wasn't thinking about anything. I wasn't being bored. I just don't have motivation to do anything!

But what's worse is the moment I start thinking again is the moment all the sadness washes over me. It's like I'm in the middle of a vast, dark ocean and can't find shore. I swim and I swim and I swim but salvation is just nowhere to be seen. And I'm beginning to grow tired.

I have no future ahead of me. Nothing to look forward too. I go through thousands of career tests and applications and all I see is that I'm either not interested enough or not good enough for any career. And I can't simply work for money. Money in and of itself just isn't good enough for me to work at a job I hate or am completely uninterested in. That's the strain of these minimum wage jobs, some of them I've had to quit because they've literally made me suicidal.

I'm so lost right now. The world looks like a very dark place where I have to suffer in agony just to get by. I'm so tired of fighting. I'm so tired of trying. I'm just. So. Tired. It has been a very long time since I've been this low. I feel like I'm doomed. Like this is all the happiness I'll ever be afforded. That even if I get the job of my dreams and all the money I could possibly want, I will always have a big, dark cloud hanging over my head.

Everything hurts and I hate everything about life right now. I wish I could just fall asleep and stay in my dreams.