I joined yesterday and have been reading through some of the posts. Thought I had better introduce my self.

I live in the UK.

Looking back on my life I think I have always had depression. It got worse though, 3.5 years ago after the birth of my son. I though i had PND at the time. I was always crying, felt really low and would panic if I was left alone with the baby. It put a huge strain on my marriage and lots of arguments because my husband though I had gone off him. I went back to work put couldn't cope, lack of motivation etc. but like someone said below I put on a 'happy face' to make people think that I was OK. I muddled through for a year then went to see a GP who put me on Prozac. Stupid me came off it after 2 months thinking I was OK. Slowly the depression came back, I wasn't coping with my job, the simplest tasks at work and at home were impossible to face, I couldn't concentrate or make decisions. Last Spring it all got too much. I was getting up crying every morning, I became agoraphobic. I phoned in work and said i couldn't go in. I saw the GP and went on Prozac. I took 2 months off work. I stayed on Prozac until last September. And then, guess what, it all came back with a vengeance a few months ago. This time I was also feeling suicidal which really scared me. So I am now back on the Prozac and determined to stay on it.

I think I have generalized depression made worse by circumstances. The birth of my son, trying to keep a job down and be a Mom, and my husband. Last year my husband really turned to alcohol and ended up ill in hospital. He has been on incapacity benefit ever since, so our relationship and our finances have really suffered. He has changed to. Even though he says he loves me he gets angry a lot, shouts at me, criticizes me, puts me down. I don't know how much more of it I can take, without leaving him. I make excuses for him, that it is his illness and lack of earning power that make him like that but it is no excuse to turn me into a nervous wreck who is scared to say anything in case he shoots me down. The Prozac has reduced but not removed my depression and I still have the odd day where I want to run away. I keep thinking 'will it go away if I leave my husband?' I no longer love him but life has dealt a difficult blow to us both recently and maybe one day when the stresses have been removed I will love him again.

Anyway that's my story (sounds similar to Vanyas who i have PM'd).
