I'm tired of being tired and not being able to sleep. I'm tired of needing to TALK to someone and having them throw everything back at me because they are too much of a coward to face their own problems. I'm tired of being alone and I'm tired of not trusting anyone and I'm tired of everything I'm tired of being caused by something else I'm tired of. I'm tired of crying myself to sleep every night. I'm tired of having to take drugs to try to feel better and having them not work. I'm tired of pretending on the outside that I'm some happy go-lucky person who spends 99% of the day choking back tears because I feel like the most insignificant person on earth. I'm tired of dolling out advice to people in my life who are sad and having them all of a sudden just feel better when I have spent my whole life just looking for one true moment of happiness - not one caused by drugs or alcohol or anything else, but just real true happiness. I'm tired of having to pretend like I'm ok, because I'm NOT ok. I'm NOT. This is NOT ok. It is NOT ok that someone has to feel like this. It is NOT ok that someone has to be this sad and lonely and that the most important thing I can do in any given day is just make it through. This is not life. This is supposed to get easier, better, at some point - doesn't it HAVE to get better? Because I am starting to realize it doesn't. I'm starting to realize that some people get to be happy and others have to take the crap that no one else wants. I'm tired of being pushed around and then being called a wuss and I'm tired of standing up for myself and being called a Bitch for it. I'm tired of being the butt of everyone's jokes "oh, it's all Blugh's fault ha-ha-ha". I'm tired of all of it. I just want someone to freaking TALK to who ISNÕT going to judge me, and who ISN"T going to tell me its going to get better if you just have faith, cause you know what? I've been trying that for 29 years now, and it's NOT WORKING. It is not ok that I felt this much pain when I was a little girl with no real reason to feel this much pain and that it hasn't gotten better. What the hell does a person have to do to deserve that little iota of happiness that everyone else seems to have in abundance??!? I'm tired of ALL of it. Every last little tiny thing. This forum isn't going to help, it just makes me more angry cause I bet everyone who reads it is thinking and feeling the same thing and none of us know what the hell to do to be happy for just one god d*** minute, all we do is sit here and try to help each other make it to the next morning. IT'S NOT FAIR. I don't care if "life isn't fair"...at some point, I deserve it. I don't care if that sounds selfish, I don't care of it sounds mean spirited or immature or anything. All I want is to wake up tomorrow and not count the minutes through the work day until I can be alone again just so I can sit around feeling lonely because I'm too scared to let anyone in my life because every time I do, they just make it worse with lies, cheating and pain. I just want to ONE day have someone tell me they love me and mean it. JUST ONCE. I just want to actually have the ability to REALLY trust someone. Just ONCE. WHY is it so hard? It's not like I'm asking for the world. I don't even want it forever. I just want it once. I just want one moment of happiness. REAL happiness. Not xanax / zoloft induced happiness, but true, real deserving happiness and I just don't understand what I've done to not deserve that. 