All I am on this earth for is to die. What is so great about living. Everyone is going to die eventually. Why wait? Just get it over with. If god is so fucking great then why does he put humans on the earth that feel lost, sad, lonely, depressed, and worthless? Why do we all feel this way if god is wonderful? FUCK GOD! We're all in this world to eventually die. I want out. I hate the world, i hate myself, i hate the sun, i hate the moon, i hate everyone i know, i hate hating, but worst of all i hate love. when i love someone why don't they love me back? when i trust someone why must they lie to me? WHY?!?!?! Why is the world the way it is? why am i the way i am? Why are there so many worthless, hopeless, depressed people in the world that they have to make web sites?? Why is this the only way and the only time i can ever share my feeling? Why am i depressed? Do you want to know? ............... because i got raped and abused for 8 years. because i had my childhood taken away from me by a person that i trusted my life with, by the person that i called my father. My step dad raped me for 8 years, since i was 8 years old until a few months ago. Why didn't i tell anyone? why couldn't i speak up? ..... because he told me they wouldn't believe me, it would ruin the family. my mom would hate me. well he was right about one thing it did ruin the family, but they did believe me and my mom still loves me. it ruined the family for a better cause. i don't ever have to see or talk to my step dad ever again. so why do i still feel this way?. ...... because my mom still loves him, she is torn between us and she never really took my side and helped me through this. For 8 years of my life i had to pretend to be happy and normal. i had to push everything in the back off my mind and cry every night. i had to wonder why he was doing this to me, i thought he loved me. He had been my father since i was 2. how could he betray me like this and hurt me. how could he take away my childhood. from that i learned that in the end everything will be bad and nothing is ever what it seems. I had to grow up so fast, i had to realize how the world really was. i had to lie and keep secrets. I learned to hide everything even myself, even my soul. It took me 8 years of pain and suffering. of growing, thinking and knowing. of wishing, hoping and dreaming. to finally speak up. To finally show myself. to make my soul vulnerable. To cry a million tears that i could never cry before. but now that i can be me and show myself, i don't like myself. All the pain and misery. the secrets and lies. the memories and nightmares. this all was building up inside of me for 8 years. Now its showing and I'm a bitter and sad person. I was on the verge of exploding and now its taking me along time to get all this build up out of me. I've never really discovered who i really am. I pretended for 8 years and now all the hurt and bitterness is showing. When and if that's all gone what will i really be like? i can't even picture myself being happy or excited. I can't picture my self in color when everything around me including me is gray and bleak. Will anyone ever love me? I try to love people but they always hurt me and i know that it will always be that way .......................................................