No one has a monopoly on suffering.  We keep living our lives because depression is pain and illness is suffering, but both don't happen without something happening to us.
It is at these times that we are changing in some way...Suffering can give us greater empathy and understanding.  It can strip away all the other stuff. 
So many say they will always be depressed ... that may or may not be the case but everyone has right to live their lives ... suffering included. 
However, there is a vast difference between simply suffering from depression and finding the courage to live with long term / cyclical depression.  You can, learn to live with depression.  It may profoundly change your life ... take much away from you, but you can learn to live with it.  Long term depression isn't static ... like any illness, it changes.  But we know depression is different because it so cruelly takes away our hope of a brighter future.  But be stubborn and it will change again.
To state in a forum like this, that you want to end it all is a big responsibility to place on the shoulders of other people.  It hands the possibility of that personal choice on to others .... which is unfair.
Genuine suffering can bring more empathy and awareness of the plight of others in similar situations.
There are times when i feel like ending my life and the thoughts nudge at me constantly but I recognize them now for what they are: the depression talking.  With each episode I have learnt new ways to try and tag these thoughts.  Ultimately ... the illness is happening to me / the thoughts happen to me.  But I would not burden others with the knowledge of their presence.  It is only afterwards that i might mention that i had these constant thoughts, because to tell them in the middle of the depression would only darken their lives as much as the depression is darkening my own.
Please think before you make threats of suicide in the chat room or forums.  There is an increasing number of people using this technique of gaining attention but it is unfair.  by all means we can talk about it .... but saying : "i'm going to do it." is simply selfish and smacks of attention seeking.
Such behavior is destroying the integrity of genuine sufferers of depression in the eyes of so many.  It is eroding the help which is so lacking for so many ... and is probably the reason why the mental health hospital near me is a relic from the 60's and yet the cancer department is brand new and state of the art.
Please .... stop attention seeking and stop using "depression" as a convenient coat hanger for emotional immaturity and lack of personal responsibility.
For so many people ... this really is a matter of life and death.
