Alright, this is a bit weird to explain, but I am having a lot of trouble making this decision so I am going to try and write it down. If anyone has any suggestions or advice to offer I would appreciate it. A while back my brother and I let a stray cat in and fed it, and we got really attached to it. It is probably the most needy animal I have ever met and will sit with people all day, loves it when you pet it, and I really like the cat. I wasn't thinking at the time, but later I realized I needed to pay a pet deposit like the rest of the people in my complex, so I could keep the cat. So my mother called up our landlord's office and they said that we could not have the cat. It seems really unfair to me that everyone else is allowed animals, but for some reason we are not. I don't think there is anything I can do about this and it makes me really sad. We didn't want to get rid of the cat so bad that we decided to hide the cat away, letting it inside only at night, and living in my brother's van in the day while we were looking to see if there was somewhere else we could move to. The problem is, I think I would only barely have enough money to move and I think it would be too risky that my family would lose our assistance if we were to go through with such a thing. Not to mention that I keep my spare money around in the case of emergencies and if something bad were to happen, I wouldn't be able to deal with it financially. So the only option I know of that is left is the animal shelter and I really do not want my cat to be locked up and possibly die alone in a cage. I know that it is getting old and that people take younger cats from animal shelters much more often than older ones. I want my cat to have a good place to live and don't want it to spend its final years in a cage, without loving owners. I am having so much trouble making this decision... I love my cat a lot and want it to be taken care of well and to be happy, but I am endangering my family the longer I try to hide it. My mother and brother keep telling me that it is my decision to make and I just keep procrastinating. So I posted this here because it is making me depressed and stressed out. Are there any options I am leaving out? Do I either have to spend all of my money to move or give it to an animal shelter? They both seem like such terrible options