I'm a 23 yr old university student and I think I'm getting depressed again. One of the debates I'm having with myself is whether or not this is really depression. I was diagnosed with it about 2 years or so ago (although it wasn't my first bout of feeling low) and was put on a high dosage of medications (which I took). Things got better after a few months and so of course I stopped taking them cold turkey. Obviously not the best idea in the world, aside from this being one of the worst things to do because of the possibility of reoccurrence, my body went through heck and I had some pretty nasty side effects (even worse than when I was actually taking the meds).
Fortunately, it didn't reoccur and I've been feeling fine until the past couple of months. I think I'm feeling the warning signs again: low energy, crying, circular thinking, apathy towards everything, skipping school, sleeping all day, anxiety ...
I just feel like maybe this isn't really depression, maybe I'm just a person who doesn't handle stress well. Jeeze, when I read this it sounds so ridiculous. Part of me knows I'm being illogical but another part is just blaming me for being weak and not being able to just sit back and enjoy life. Why can't I just be happy? Why do I have to be so moody? Why am I so weak? It's stupid but I keep blaming myself. I don't think I'm bipolar since I've never experienced real highs but every couple of years or so my lows get really low. Last time was by far the worst and I wouldn't have been able to get through it without medications and I don't want it to get to that point again but ... I guess I still feel a lot of shame about it. It still feels like depression is being weak. I know, I know it's just like having diabetes and your body needs the chemicals to be normal but *sigh* I still blame myself. Last time I told my teachers and some friends and it's like they look at me as if I'm contagious or insane. I don't know if I can go through that again. But I don't know if I can keep on pretending everything is alright either ...
