Im wasting my life
As a 15 year old currently, I feel like i'm entirely disconnected from every human soul on this planet. I cannot properly have social interactions with others without me overthinking stuff that person says. What I mean is, if a "friend" tells me i'm dumb jokingly, I take it at heart. I take everything too literal, I cannot properly talk to others without me being awkward and silent. I cannot talk to people if I have ignore them constantly, if someone addresses me so they can talk to me, I sometimes ignore them and pretend like I never heard them. If a person says hi to me, I stay silent. I'll never get a girlfriend, i'll never feel a girls hand, or the feeling of affection, comfort, and attention. I never even got to talk to a girl before. Seeing everyone at school socializing with their girlfriend, hugging them, doing everything for them, absolutely destroys me as a person. I can see why I got bullied. Those times I was called "Pussy" "Weak" "Retarded" turned out to be true. The physical bullying I received, when they pulled my hair and embarrassed me in front of everyone in class by flipping me off my chair. I understand now, the stuff I deserve. I can see why my dad abondoned me ever since I was born, he was never there for me, I don't know what type of man he is or how he looks like. The brothers and sisters I never met, which I dearly wish I could. They're all so young, I wish I could have been a big brother for them. I hate living in isolation and loneliness. As if I wasn't lonely enough at school, but now at home. Everyone takes their brothers and sisters for granted, but a person like me would love one of those. My grandparents and mom say they love me, which I do believe, but I still feel no more or less that same, it doesn't matter in the end. I cannot do simple activities at school that involve groups, no because a person could possibly screw it up for us, but because I need to socialize. I cannot do sports because it involves me being around people and I absolutely despise it. What am I so afraid of? Being judged? Why am I here? What am I? It doesn't matter, I still die in the end anyways. Maybe taking my own life is the answer, it resolves all the pain I have received. Who cares what my so called family feels? They must know its for my own personal benefit, they should realize that when I do eventually end myself, that I will no longer feel the pain I once received. I never have felt an emotional connection between any of my family, they're doing their own thing in their life. Nobody at school would care, I only have two friends. Ones I hold dear because they understand my pain. Looks are deceiving aren't they? A lot of people in my school consider me attractive and cute, but good does that do me? I won't get any benefit from it either way.  A bit of a description of how I look like, long hair, feminine face, a thin appearance (not super thin, I weigh about 130). But anyways, I simply plan on ending my own life sooner or later, I don't know how long I can last. We have no value, no significant purpose of existing, so might as well end it now. I constantly wear this mask where i pretend i'm happy, when i'm not.

The only thing I do with my life is listen to Joy of Mans Desiring in bed, contemplating my existence.