Hi everyone, I'm new, and feeling kind of lost and shy. To introduce myself a little, I'm a 28 year old female. Up until about a year ago, I'd never had any problem with depression or any other mental illness, though all of the other women in my family have depressive tendencies. Suddenly, I started to feel differently in my mind - a feeling which has gone on getting worse and worse. The last four months in particular have been a downward spiral. I moved house from a big city to a small village late last year, and I'm not dealing with the change well. I don't know anyone in my local area, and I don't drive so I'm stuck in this little isolated world (I work from home). I lack the energy and the confidence to go out and meet new people. I tend to organize/run everything in our household so basic routines have just fallen apart, and my long-term relationship is under strain. My partner doesn't understand how I feel, while I resent the fact that he's making no effort to recognize the problem and take some action to help. My family and friends are 300 miles away, and I don't feel able to talk to them. This last week, I found out my Mum is having tests run for breast cancer. I know it's early days but it's just the last little thing that has pushed me over the edge. I am walking around either in a state of complete, grey numbness or in a state of unutterable misery, unable to react to anything in a rational way. I haven't left the house for days, because I hate the village where I live and being there just sends me into a blind panic attack. I've had an initial assessment for counseling in a city near where I live, but it'll be weeks before I can get an appointment. I know that I need to go and see a GP and get some medication, but I don't have the energy even to pick up the phone and talk to the receptionist, let alone to walk on my own through the horrible village. And I'm just so exhausted all the time. The internet's my only point of contact with the outside world at the moment. If all this sounds familiar to anyone, please reply - it would be a lifeline for me. Thanks Wizzy.