Hi - I am "dad" a new member today (12/18/05) I like what I have seen so far and have a need to express myself and get some feedback from others. It is so hard to look at yourself..... especially when wearing the "dark glasses" of depression. I am a man in my late 40's - educated, with family- wife and two great, smart, loving kids, 15, and 13. I will try to summarize my story. About 5 yrs ago, I was laid off (tech field)...it was very hard to find another good position. We were so spoiled, I was making 70K - 100K in the past few years. We took it for granted. We built (4) new houses since 1989 - and did well. We enrolled our kids in a private Christian school (a high priority for us) THEN - My wife was in a auto accident and has spinal damage. She is "mobile", but has chronic pain. She is also suffering from depression. I managed to find another job, but it was a very dysfunctional place. I had to take a few leave-of absences - then I became "pegged" as a weak person. They eventually let me go for "too many LOA's" I'm paying $800 for COBRA - we can't do this forever....the pressure just adds to my anxiety. After seeing my psychiatrist, he took me through MANY medicines and even ECT's.... we tried for three years to find the most effective drug. Presently I take Zoloft, Cymbalta, Lamictal,Xanax & Valium for anxiety. I also have osteopenia (bone density loss), so I take, fosamax and Tylenol 4 (narcotic) for back/joint pain. Lastly, I use Soma for muscle strain. I don't know if the medicines are helping me or adding to the problem....? I admit I "lean on" some of the medicines as a coping mechanism. I have had so many situational events in the last few years, I suspect my depression is more environmentally caused...? I seem to ruminate on the "bad events of the past" too much. I am "stuck" - and just can't seem to get aggressive at my job hunt. We just sold our 6 bedroom house and are now living in a three bedroom apartment. I feel guilty that my family has to go through this. I know that I have skills and experience; but I don't have the self confidence - my ego is "on the floor". My sleep pattern is crazy and my appetite for food (and sex) is GONE. My wife is getting frustrated with me and doesn't always "build me up"... Her depression has her down too.... With two depressed parents,it is very difficult to support each other. I feel "stuck" and don't know what to do....sometimes I just feel like giving up.... Any comments or thoughts would be appreciated!