Hello everyone. I'm here because I'm starting to have doubts about my mental health... First off I'm a 21 year old male college student, and up until about 2 years ago I think I've been fine...but lately I'm not so sure. For one thing I can't seem to concentrate or focus on ANYTHING anymore and it's becoming very frustrating. I find myself daydreaming or pacing only minutes after I sat down to do something important and because of it I can't get anything done. I can't even focus on things that should be fun, or the things I used to be dedicated too. I've also become very philosophical. I always find myself spending a lot of time thinking about life and death, the nature of existence, etc...But it seems like its becoming an obsession. I always feel like I'm wasting time but I can't bring myself to do anything constructive. Sometimes I'm disgusted when I realize how much time I spend simply pacing back and forth. I also can't fall asleep at night anymore...I just lie awake thinking and I can't make it stop. I also have constant fears about becoming old and having regrets about how I lived and what I accomplished. I also have constant regrets about the past. It seems like there's nothing I can do in life to satisfy myself and it driving me crazy...especially because for all the ambition I have I have no motivation whatsoever anymore. Also it's hard to explain, but I get the feeling that I can't feel life, if that makes any sense? It's like time is moving so fast that I can't even realize it.  Anyway, I was never like this before and I have no reason to be like this now. I don't have relationship problems or family problems and I'm not religious. This all just came out of nowhere with no apparent cause. Basically it has come to the point where I know something is wrong with me but I don't know what. I've kept telling myself this is nothing but its getting more intense and now I feel like I'm spiraling into a void or something. I guess I'm simply here to seek some opinions on what my problem could be. Thanks a lot for taking the time. PS I may have posted this in the wrong place but its my first post so I'm not sure...