This is a great topic. It looks like people associate with what was shared. I was laughing a little because for awhile I was so hypersensitive to sound I would not even consider turning anything on that created noise, even the noise from lights was too much. I used to go to a counselor who had a radio on in her waiting room. I could not stand it and used to turn it off. Then someone would turn it back on, having no understanding of what it was like to be me at that moment. That's funny to me now. I still don't like noise but I'm lucky since I have pretty good control over my environment. For awhile I was working in cubicles and was not sure I was going to make it. The one comment I wanted to share was what I experienced when I did turn the TV back on, read the newspaper, listened to the radio. I went without it for two years. What I experienced was the way the news was presented. I was captivated not by the words or circumstances of stories, but the tone of voice, the selection of what sound bites to use, the background chosen for a shot. I'm still fascinated by all that and even dreamed the other night I had been hired to be that person who decides how to present something. In my dream I was having a moral dilemma. My integrity is important to me and, in my dream, I was talking to my boss and trying to explain the emotional angst I was in. She kept saying, give them what they want, who are you to decide what is best for them. I woke up before I decided to quit or stay. But those words stayed with me through a day, who am I to decide what's best for someone else? What I do now is selectively listen to the news. I like NPR and sometimes enjoy McNeil Lehrer. I find if someone is expressing a strong opinion I will get annoyed if the presentation does not also include an opposing viewpoint. My main issue is selective presentation. I feel disrespected if someone is asking me to just trust them. I want to know what are the observations leading to a conclusion. I want to know what level of uncertainty there is. I don't like anyone telling me how to think or feel. I'm perfectly capable of creating all the drama I could ever use, on my own. I'm not clear where to place blame for all the drama the industry of information puts out there. I know someone is to blame. If only I could find that person or group then my hatred would be perfect. I'm kidding about that last sentence. I'm just trying to get a rise out of someone reading my share--I'm being frisky. I support public broadcasting and free speech. If I was in charge meetings would last forever because everyone would get a chance to speak. Wouldn't it be great if there truly was free speech in America. Wouldn't it be great if the principle of dissent was truly an American ideal. Isn't it supposed to be?