I just don't know how to deal with this shit anymore.
I can remember being depressed and having anxiety as early as 15 years old (31 now). I'm sure I have been happy some time along the way but I can't remember. I think most of the "good" times were just when I had enough energy to pretend and delude myself and convince everybody around me that I was normal and healthy. Unfortunately, as time has gone on my times of stability have gotten shorter, and my major depressive episodes have only gotten much worse, and lasted longer.

I've dropped out of 4 different colleges and have quit every job I have ever had, most of them with literally no notice. I have seen doctors, I've been on different medications with no noticeable effects. I am see a doctor now, but am hoping to get in to see a psychiatrist or mental health specialist soon, but that could be a month or two away at this point.

I am just completely exhausted at this point and don't know how much longer I can take it. My parent just keep telling me I need to get a job, like that would make everything better. It definitely doesn't help that they try to get me to go to church with the every other week or ask me all the time if I have met any girls that I'm interested in. They can't understand that just taking a shower on any given day or leaving the apartment to buy groceries is a monumental task.

They ask if I am suicidal, as if that is the only way to tell how severe my depression is. I don't consider myself suicidal, but I no longer have a desire to continue living. Every day I wake up is another disappointment, another day of being incapable of doing anything and feeling sorry for myself. I'm pretty sure the main reason that I'm not suicidal is that I am convinced that I would fail or just wouldn't be able to go through with it and the embarrassment would be too much to handle.

As much as my family frustrates me, I understand that they are trying to help but they just don't know how. They have supported me financially on several occasions before now. Without their help I would almost certainly be homeless or dead by now.

All I want is to not feel this way anymore. Every time I leave my apartment I am tense and in fear of the people around me. I escape for social situations as soon as possible only to get home and feel completely worthless. I can accept that I will always live with this illness, that it is never going away. I just want to find a way to make it bearable