I'm new to the forum and just wanted to say Hi to everyone My depression stems from my husband and his secretive actions and cheating. I love my husband we have been together for 16 years and have 2 children together. He went to Thailand with his dad last year to visit his brother who lives over there working as a teacher, but before he left he found this website forum owned by a bar owner there who uses bar girl prostitutes as waitresses. To make this long story short he went with one of these bar girls while he was there and it took my children to find out the truth because I was too stupid to find out myself lol One found pictures of her in his organizer and the other found text messages on his cell phone. I should have known something was up as he never leaves his cell phone on anymore when at home anymore since he came back. He sits on that forum when at work and also at home all the men on that forum talk about the bargirls and post pictures of them also. My daughter sent a text message to the woman and she said a lot of hurtful things to her, I was worried for a few days that my husband would find out she was contacted and blame me. We also found pills he has been taking that he got from India called tadalasil which is a form of viagra, as far as I know he never had a problem sexually so why is he taking these pills? who knows lol My cousin called me a couple of days ago and said he posted a message on that forum saying he wants to go back to thailand again and what excuse could he give me for wanting to go, she said he also said that he posted he doesn't want to cheat on me just fuck other women when I'm not around. She checks the forum for me as I don't want to see it but it hurts just as bad when someone tells you what he puts. He doesn't have any friends really here where we are because all he does is works so I don't know if the men on the forum are substitutes for real friends and he is putting what they would find interesting or what. I don't drive and we live out in a rural area with no real neighbors so I don't get into town barely and I don't have many real friends here as we moved here to do some job work. So that saying LIFE SUCKS really seems to fit lately lol
My concern lately is sex transferred diseases such as AIDS as I found out that thailand is known as a sex trade country and many have the disease. Prostitution is illegal there but they allow businesses to operate like that bar due to the money the male tourists bring there. The government is going to give asia and africa millions of dollars to help research AIDS but they are not going to make Thailand help stop the spread of the disease by shutting down places that promote prostitution, they worry about bird flu or about people carrying weapons onto planes but they don't care if men bring a silent killer like AIDS back into our country and infect their spouses or lovers. Do I sound crazy? because sometimes I feel I am going crazy lol
I'm sorry for rambling on but I have held this in for months, scared to talk to him as i love him with all my heart even if others say I'm an idiot and scared to talk family and friends anymore about it because it hurts to much.
