Hi all, I've just registered here... I've been depressed for quite a while, my dad died when I was 7 and my best friend died when we were 18. After the death of my father I was in counseling, but my counselor stopped coming to school to see me and I don't think I ever got anywhere from it. I'm currently 23, almost 24 (and male, from the UK for those keeping count) I've felt crap for ages... I hate my job, and doing that along with the stress of my final year of university sent me on a downward spiral. I would worry so much about my workload, but have no motivation to do it and get out of the situation. I hate being single, but can't find someone special who likes me, who I like back. I want to leave my job, but I can't afford to until I leave university and get a job doing something I want to. I had thought about suicide, but I know the pain of losing people close to me, and I couldn't inflict that pain on someone else. I considered cutting myself too. I thought that maybe if I was hurt, I could get extra time for university work, and maybe someone would help me. But I realized that I shouldn't do that, and should see someone about it. I also didn't have the balls to do it. I think bad thoughts a lot but I don't think I could go through with them. I was worried about going to the doctor though. My previous experience with a counselor has put me off them, and I don't like talking to strangers about my problems - that said I don't like telling people I know either because I feel that they will judge me. I was also concerned about medication because I don't know if I like the idea of chemicals altering my brain (apart from alcohol that is!) But about 3 weeks ago I finally went to see my doctor. He has put me on 20mg of Fluoxetine a day, although I'm not sure whether it is doing much. I've been having headaches and going a bit dizzy as well as getting sleepy (among other side effects). It's weird though, I don't know whether I'm feeling better or not, my friends say I seem different and better for taking it but I still feel bad at times... I still lie in bed at night worrying. But I think maybe I need to take it more and see how it effects me long term. I guess even on medication we all have good days and bad days. I was scared to tell my mother that I was on anti-depressants, as she works in mental health. Some would see this as a blessing as she understands the field to a great degree, but I was worried because I thought that she might think I was mad. I eventually got the courage to tell her after about 5 days though because I was very dizzy and I thought that she would suspect me of being on illegal drugs. She is being very supportive now, while still keeping enough distance that I don't feel like she's worrying too much about me. It's good to know that she understands that it's going to help me cope though... and she says its only a minor drug compared to what some of her patients take to stop the voices telling them to do things. Anyway I decided to look for somewhere online where other people know what it feels like, and I am glad that I've found this place. I hope I can make some new friends here, and maybe I can help a couple of people too.