I'm a 24 year old woman living in Florida with my husband. I have been severely depressed for 6 months, and now looking back I can see that it actually started about a year and a half ago. If only I could go back and warn myself.

Like many of you, I have been suffering depression since I was very young. In fact, I can remember being in first grade, coming home and going to bed for the rest of the night. Of course, back then it felt more like fear. In 7th grade, I asked my mother if I was a manic depressive because I had read about it and I felt I had all the symptoms. She scoffed and said it was just normal teen hormones that made me feel that way.

I love my mother and she has always been there for me. I used to call her at 2 in the morning crying and she would talk to me until I felt better. However, when I call her up today, she still doesn't understand when I tell her I am depressed. She thinks I need to get up and start doing things until I snap out of it. I try to tell her I have bills screaming at me and I still can't get out of the house to find work. I think she is in denial. Now, with all of the information I find on this site, I think I may even be bipolar.

When I found the man I wanted to marry, I warned him that I had experienced many deep depressions in my lifetime and that it was probably likely to happen again someday. He said he would stay by my side no matter what, and he has. Unfortunately, it is painfully apparent that he has no idea at all how to handle it. When he tries to talk to me and cheer me up, I say mean things to him until we are both raising our voices. Let me tell you, when I'm like this, I don't back down either. I usually say something hurtful and then grind my teeth in anger for a while. He gets mad too, but it is also painfully apparent that he forgives me. Then, I feel like a real jerk.

I just started seeing a psychologist, since I haven't had a job since last August and it's clear that I don't know my way out of this. I have only met with her once, but I think I will like her. She has told me to do a few simple things everyday until our next meeting on Wednesday. She wants me to get 1/2 hour of sunlight everyday, 15 minutes of exercise, and try to make a simple daily schedule to follow. I'm a bit worried because I haven't been able to do them because I just don't sleep right anymore. It is 8am and I haven't slept yet. I may fall asleep in a few hours, only to toss and turn and then wake up in the evening feeling like crap. I have tried some medicines but they don't help. Have any of you had this problem? What did you do?
