Hi everyone, I am new to this site and my name is Elie. I am a 38-year-old married mother of three girls and one angel baby boy who was born still 10/30/2003. My children's ages are 18 years old, 15 years old then it would have been Conner Charles. When we lost Conner due to an underlying infection and when I had the amniocentesis the infection got to Conner and he died a month later. That was very devastating to us but I have had a lot of support with an infant grief group in our area. After we lost Conner three months later we got pregnant with Charlene and she is so beautiful. Anyway things were going good (oh I forgot to mention the fact I remarried my ex husband. We were divorced for 14 years and we got back together). One day when the baby was 11 months old my husband accidentally spilled hot coffee onto Charlene's leg and she had a blanket sleeper on so she wasn't that bad. It was bad enough but because of the way the burn looked (due to the absorption of the stupid hot coffee) the doctor had her removed from our care until they could further decide if the baby was abused. I was dumbfounded; I have known this doctor for 17 hears with my girls Marissa and Jessica, so how dare he. I was so upset, but we have a DSS worker in our lives because of my middle daughter who has mental retardation, she is in a residential home because of her behaviors which in a way was excellent for us. Our worker seen and knew Charlene before the foster care and then when she finally saw her at foster care she did everything in her power to get the baby back and we did six days later. We are constantly in and out of court now because of this and then my husband was feeding the baby oatmeal and I was warning him to be careful she flails her arms, well she flailed and knocked the spoon out of his hand and the clump of oatmeal landed on her face ... we cleaned her up not noting anything bad as she didn't cry or nothing she wanted to eat. She ended up with a blister on her cheek in the spot that the oatmeal touched. We almost lost Charlene again. I went into DSS and said my husband was no longer going to be in charge of the baby and they felt better and I also said he wants parenting classes and they liked that idea. But this is my problem, how do I get passed this. I have a counselor already but you can never have too much support so I came to this web site. I can't even make love with my husband anymore. I resent him for putting me through this when I have been the most careful mother around. We also live with his mother because financially things are tight and right now its better we do because DSS notes it is a very supportive environment and I have a lot of help which I do but I can't leave otherwise I will have DSS up my back quite often. My husband feels that sex is the cure all to depression, he keeps hounding me and hounding me and I just don't want sex. When we first got back together this second time around things were awesome and we had so much fun but then we lost Conner, then had Charlene and then these burns and losing her and going to court. I have no say whatsoever even in my own room which depresses me but soon I will try and figure out how to get out of this. All I know is my husband better respect my wishes, I just can't make love at the moment. The last time was four weeks ago. Ok that's about it for now, that's about the main stuff I am dealing with for now. Take care 