I think I may have been on this forum (it looked different) back in 2002 when I had a major bout with depression and anxiety due to some serious financial worries. I've always been prone to this I guess, but I'm starting to figure out that it's big, nasty life-changes that trigger it. Well, here I go again. This time it's relationship-related. My wife and I are on brink of divorce. I found out almost a year ago that she has been emotionally involved with another man, and was no longer "in-love" with me. We somehow muddled through the next several months, even though I found out it was still going on, we kept "trying" anyway, and things were still tolerable and ok, I guess. (We still shared same bed, got affectionate, cuddled and even made love). About 3 weeks ago, I discovered that it still had not ended, and they were actually conspiring on getting together in March. Well, all hell broke loose and things got worse than ever. I'm now in a separate room, sleeping on a single bed, and I'm miserable. I resumed Wellbutrin when this all started last spring (I took Wellbutrin for about 9 months when I had my episode in 2002), and have been taking it since. But since this really bad turn of events, I knew I couldn't take it, and to be honest, even before I discovered again, my therapist told me that I need to revisit my doctor and prescriptions because I've got some serious anxiety issues. So now I just started Zoloft (25mg/day) in addition to the Wellbutrin. I don't know how things are going to turn out. I'm in "limbo" while I give her "time and space to figure things out." The Zoloft I think started to kick in today, but not in a good way. I'm actually feeling MORE depressed when I came in this morning...I almost broke down crying in front of my computer -argh! My mood swings are horrible. All I can think about is going home and crawling into my bed and taking an Ambien, even though I hate that bed and want to be in the big bed with my wife. I almost wish at times that she would just say, "That's it, we're done", so I can know what is going on and just move on with my life. I may end up single and lonely anyway, but at least I'll have the opportunity to look for someone else. Right now I feel like a prisoner, being starved of basic human needs, like hugs, touches, affection. (Doesn't that sound lame from a guy???????  ) Well, anyway, here I am....here for the ride....