I've already posted on this forum but  I never really introduced myself.  So here goes:

My name is Amy, and I am 24 years old.  I have two beautiful daughters, ages 5 and 3.  I am also raising my little brother, who is 1.  I have suffered from anxiety attacks since I was 16 and became seriously depressed about 2 years ago.  I was hospitalized once ... when the doctor put me on Zoloft.  Since then I have tried Effexor XR and Klonopin (worked for 8 months) and am supposed to be trying Wellbutrin and Buspar now (scared to start them).  I self - harm when things get too hard for me, and have scars covering much of my left arm due to cutting.  I was recently dismissed from my therapy / psychiatrist due to missed appointments ... and I don't know if I am going to find another one yet.  I think about just letting go sometimes.  Nothing really helps anyways.  The one thing that depresses me the most is my fear of spending the rest of my life alone.  Men seem to think I am only good for one thing ... and I guess I agree.  I hate that I go from being okay ... sometimes for weeks at a time ... and then everything falls apart.  My family supports me ... sometimes.  At least, my mom lets me crash at her house when things are real bad.  My mom and my sister try to be there ... but they get tired of me.  I can't say I had a bad childhood ... I can't remember my childhood.  I went under hypnosis ... had a vision of my dad and became extremely afraid.  I never had a chance to go back and find out why.  Missed too many appointments.  My dad was accused of being abusive (to my mother) and having a violent temper ...  and of molesting my sister and I.  Don't remember.  My dad says my mom left us for two years when I was 2 or 3 years old and was always drunk.  Don't remember.  I spent much of my teen years drunk / high and being promiscuous ... let's just say even my mother knew I had a reputation.  Why?  Don't know.  I have never felt like I belonged ... and the past few years I have felt like I haven't really been living.  Disassociation, I suppose.  I am usually moody, never have any energy, and have started and quit school 3 times to date.  Never accomplished anything but getting my GED ... and the sad thing is ... I'm smart. 

I live day to day ... never knowing if it will be a good day or a bad day.  My daughter had missed a lot of school because I can't seem to get her there by 12 in the afternoon.  My mom says she will help ... but I know I am on my own.  Neither of my daughters' father's are any help.  My dad left my little brother with me in November, sends down some money every month... and hasn't seen him since.  Some days I feel like I am on top of things ... most days I feel like things are on top of me ... and smothering me.  I've started writing my daughters a letter letting them know everything I want them to know when they are older ... just in case I'm not around.  I can't say for sure this won't beat me one day, and I want to be prepared.  I love my kids ... but also believe with all my heart they would be better off without me.  Sure ... they love me and I'm their mommy ... but not all mommies are good mommies and not all mommies deserve to raise children.  Love isn't always enough ... because God (is he even real?) knows I would die / kill for my girls.  I know the answers to nothing and have so many questions.  This is my life ...

Scared to be alone ... but I always am.  I read this somewhere and it sums up how I feel:

I'm not hungry ... but I'm starving.  I'm not tired ... but I'm exhausted.  I'm not bleeding ... but I'm dying.

So hi to everyone who is fighting the same fight ...  I just need to know that I am not alone.
