For the first time in my life i liked this girl and when she left life around me doesn't make sense. Why does this pain happen to people
This is my first time and please i need some answers on what to do, why does life work this way, i fucking hate that things had to go wrong this fucking way. My depression is taking over me and my family is worried about me.
 For the first time in high school i liked this girl for about 7 months and during that time we became best friends and i always thought she would like me if i cared for her and treated her right. i always acted the same way as her and found out we thought the same sometimes. We always talked to each other including late night till 2 or 3 am and we knew everything about each other and we always were with each other but instead she liked some asshole who didn't like me and always kept lying about me to her. She never believed what he said about me but chose to love him and be with him more and they always were with each other after class and it made me jealous and angry on why she would do this. One day i invited her to some place with her and my friends but she decided to also want to take the asshole and i got frustrated and ended our friendship. she got angry at me and decided to leave too. but one day the asshole decided to leave her because of a fight they had and she starts crying to me on the phone and i try to help her get over him but it hurts me when she says she loves this person who kept lying to her about me and other things and he was known to be a bad person and she only dated one guy before but he was super nice and i didn't understand why she liked him and she said she didn't either, it was only that she felt happy around him. She is such a pretty girl and most of the guys in the school agree and thought me and her were dating but they never knew she really liked this asshole and during the time they hanged out she kept asking me if they were right for each other and she said she would separate from him but she didn't listen to me. Instead they got closer and me and this asshole got into more fights with each other but she would rather not say anything and still be with him. Now she is actually separating from him after all this time. Why did she do this to me after everything we've been through because i treated her way better but she did this to me and i dont know should i go back to her after what she did. Its been 2 weeks and i haven't talked to her since then and my mind has been thinking of ways to beat myself up because of this problem. Everyone knows im depressed but at this point i couldn't care and im losing my mind and i just need some answers of why she liked this asshole but not me.