I'm new to any kind of discussion like this.  I'm new to any kind of support like this.  I go to Therapy once a week, or rather I did, but it wasn't really making a large difference.  I'm going to be twentytwo soon, and my life is nowhere how I wish it to be.  The funny part is that to get it where I would like it all I'd have to do is go out and get a job, start working.  I just can't seem to leave the house.

I'm not a shut in, or anything.  I love people.  I try and keep friends with everything, but I get self - conscious  all the time.  My early life was pretty difficult when it came to that, getting bullied badly for wearing glasses and being a bit of a dork.  I never really learned those little social rules that everyone else did.  Sometimes I just feel like I'm not on everyone's page, and nothing seems to help.

I became a father at nineteen, and it was difficult.  I loved my girlfriend very much at the time, and dropped out of school to support her and our daughter.  I love my daughter, she's everything.  My girlfriend left me for another man when our daughter was four weeks old, I can't help but feel insecure about this.  Logically I should know she's just not so bright or genuine a person with me, but I can't help but feel part of it was me.

She stopped letting me see my daughter a short time after, I had to go to court and battle things out.  The only accomplishment I've made in the last year that I could feel proud about was to get partial custody and three days a week with her.  I'm attentive and loving father.  I have a great relationship with my little girl.

But I can't feel good about it.  Sometimes it's like, as soon as she's gone, I forget she was even here.  I spend all day in the house, like a zombie.  I'm either on the computer or at the TV, watching baseball.  I know I want to have a healthy and happy life, and I want to have money and security for my daughter, but I can't motivate myself to do anything.

My parents were never attentive, and fight constantly, but I'm twentyone and should be over that.  Instead, it makes me more down now than it ever has.  I'm like a giant pit of negativity all the time.  I was involved with a girl, but that faded quick, and just like everything else it brought me down.

I don't do drugs, or drink, but sometimes I really want to.  Funny part is that I've never felt any kind of relief doing them in the past.  In fact, usually my insecurities and negativity are worse.

I feel like I need to get moving soon, or I'll never get moving.

I tried killing myself after my girlfriend stopped letting me see my daughter, I know how bad that was for me.  I know how I made others feel, and I know how miserable I was.  I don't ever want to get that way again.  But for some reason, and I just don't understand, I can't get myself to get moving.
