I want to die [trigger warning]
[Trigger Warning]   

My trauma happened when i was 8, I'm now 18 and still suffer from it daily. I actually suppressed the trauma completely until I was 12, when it all came back to me; so I guess I've only really been dealing with it for 6 years now.  

I have severe PTSD, severe depression, anxiety, severe panic/anxiety attacks, OCD, severe memory loss, and had an intense eating disorder for 6 years that I'm still struggling with constantly. I haven't gotten a good nights' sleep in years. I have constant PTSD nightmares, regular nightmares, and insomnia/constant fatigue and exhaustion. I also disassociate a lot and self harmed for years. Currently clean from self harm for about a year and a half. I've been admitted to a hospital because of all of my mental problems, and honestly wish I could go back sometimes. I was gaslighted for years to believe that my trauma was normal. My home environment was constantly hostile.   

I go through long periods of feeling suicidal. Currently in that period. Don't know what to do, honestly. Years of being in therapy and being prescribed pills and yet I still am nowhere near being close to healthy. Looking back, I can't even remember the last time I was genuinely happy. The periods of my sadness last longer than my periods of calm. I'm so afraid of waking up when I'm 40 and still feeling the same way I do now.   

The thing about being an adult that spent their entire teenage years thinking they would have killed themselves by now is realizing that your mental illnesses have real repercussions. I have fucked bones and a fucked stomach because of an eating disorder that lasted so long and a GED because I couldnt find the will to do schoolwork when I was just trying to find the will to live another day and not cut myself again. I can’t afford college because I didn’t do any extracurriculars to get scholarships because the thought of having to stay after school made me want to have a panic attack and i just wanted to sleep. I have no friends because when people invited me to hang out my anxiety made me cry myself to sleep instead. I didn’t have any real thought-out “grand plans” because I was too busy hurting myself and getting high and wanting to kill myself to really sit down and plan things out. I said I wanted to do things but never took the time to think it all through.   

It doesnt seem fair that I went through this trauma, had/have all of this mental illness, and now have to do with the repercussions of those illnesses. It doesnt seem fair that I'm suffering so much still. I don't know what to do anymore. I'm tired of trying so fucking hard. I know this is self-pitying and 'emo' but I just don't know what to do. I have no one to talk to. I really just want to die.