It's been so long since I've been here doubt anyone would remember me!

Lots has been happening.  My job has become busier so I've become more exhausted when I get home and I just don't want to do anything.

Then on March 4 my brother from my adopted mother died of a heart attack so had to go through that experience with my niece, his only daughter.

Then right after that my husband got really sick with pain in his belly.  We took him into emergency and they did a CT scan and could see only massive infection and couldn't tell where it was coming from.  So he was admitted and given antibiotics and scheduled for a colonoscopy.  

He was also very low on potassium so he was given bags of potassium and taking pills on top of that.

His colon was clear so it was determined his gall bladder was diseased and needed to come out.  But right now it was so swollen and infected the surgeon wanted to wait until the infection cleared and swelling went down before he took it out.  So husband is now on a non-fat diet to reduce the swelling and still on antibiotics to clear out the infection.

Fortunately, being vegan, non - fat is not too hard for us to do.  He goes in for a pre - exam on Wednesday and then surgery a week later.

But through all this I haven't been doing my routing of medications and exercise and am suffering for it.  Fibro and migraines have hit me really hard.  I'm still trying to take care of my husband though by preparing his meals.  He lost almost 30 lbs through the last week of this whole episode.

In the meantime, I have an appointment Monday with a neurosurgeon to discuss if something needs to be done with my tethered spinal cord.  I've had it for years and it causes weakness in my legs and pins and needles in my feet.  It could also affect bladder and bowel functions but I haven't had that problem yet. 

I've read that sometimes they cut the end of the spinal cord to get it out of the way of the vertebrae.  I'm not sure how serious my case is but my neurologist thought it was serious enough to send me to surgeons.  It's a rare birth defect I guess found in adults.  Usually they catch it in infants.

So, in a LARGE nutshell, that has been what I've been up to 
