I’ve been depressed all my life and I’m just tired
I️’m finding it harder and harder everyday. I’m almost 23 years old and I️ can’t even function properly. I️ feel like I️ have the mental capacity of a child sometimes because I️ don’t know how to do anything. My entire life I️ lived in fear of my parents and now that I’m out I️ just can’t function at all. I️ had to quit my job because I️ couldn’t handle being at work in my emotional state. I️ can’t handle people being vaguely negative towards me. I feel awful because now it’s just my fiancé working, but he says that it’s okay that I️ need time.. I can’t help but feel he resents me for it. I don’t even know how we’re going to pay for our wedding. I️ don’t know anything about feminine hygiene, or how to brush/style my hair. It’s just matted in knots and up in a bun, or if it looks decent enough I’ll put it in a ponytail. I️ don’t know how to keep friends because I️ was constantly grounded for everything. I️ spent most of my life alone in my room, when I️ was grounded I️ wasn’t allowed to eat dinner with the family. I️ have 2 step sisters, one half sister, and 3 half brothers. All from 3 different marriages not including my parents’ since I’m their only child. And I’m not close with any of them. I️ don’t even know all of their ages. I️ didn’t have mother figure in my life because my stepmoms were just either physically abusive or emotionally. My dad was a drunk, and just controlled every aspect of my life yelling at me if I️ didn’t want to do something or had different opinions than him “you think you’re in control of your life but you’re not. You belong to me” or make weird sexual remarks in front of his friend when I️ would have a friend over “oh you two girls are probably going to kiss and rollover on top of each other” thankfully not in front of her. But sadly our friendship didn’t really last very long. Then he convinced me to get really drunk when I️ went to go visit from college and his friend tried taking advantage of me when I️ was trying to sleep it off in my room. I️ want to get a better job than the one I️ had previously but my upkeep is awful and I️ probably wouldn’t get hired.. And I️ know I️ have to better myself but it’s just so hard I️ just don’t know where to start. I️ have no money. No friends. I️ practically have no family because I️ never want to go back. I️ dropped out of school because I️ couldn’t afford it anymore because my dad stole the money I️ saved up. But even if he didn’t I️ probably still would’ve dropped out because I️ couldn’t pick a major, I️ kept changing it, and I️ feel like a loser because I️ was supposed to graduate this year. I️ used to be really good at math and writing and now I️ can’t even remember simple math or how to use proper grammar. I️ find myself not knowing how to spell words or using the wrong ones and it just makes me feel so stupid. I️ hate it. I️ was diagnosed with BPD and I️ can’t even afford to treat it. My car stopped working, and I️ don’t even know how to use a bus. I️ hate my life. I️ hate everything. I’m just so tired of it all. I️ already went to a mental facility for a month and I️ still can’t function. I️ can’t bring myself to end it all because I️ love my fiancé more than anything. He’s been my one true friend since high school, even if we only spoke at school, he’s always been there for me. I️ can’t leave him. I️ don’t know what to do. I don’t have clear thinking. I️ hate that I’m so black and white, I’m just trying to be gray. 

I’m so sorry this is so long, this is my first post, it’ll probably get removed because I️ don’t even know how to use reddit but whatever venting this out helps a bit even if no one reads it. 