As you live life and learn new things you grow more mature. Life is not about growing up and making plans for tomorrow, it's about enjoying every moment as you're living. Happiness is the most important thing and people have forgotten that. The world is full of so many interesting things that all cost money and we believe having a lot of something is the key to happiness. And since money is the thing that buys us the things we want we sort of become obsessed with getting as much of it as we can. In my mom and my situation we've tasted what money can buy us and we don't want to go back to the way things used to be. But the thing is we were both happy then and now we're not. I've learned money cannot buy happiness. My dad and Julie don't have much money and they are happy. There is something we can all say we regret from our lives. I regret regretting. Everyday I've lived has come to this moment and even after all the things that have gone wrong recently, I can pretty much say I'm happy with they way my life has turned out. I'm happy with who I am behind my mask. I am happy with what I know and what I want to know. Lately I've been wanting to die. Actually no, I wanted to want to die. Depression is all about seeing those bad moments and ignoring the good times in your life. When you're depressed the only thing that matters are the bad times. I don't think I was stupid for wanting to want to die. When something goes wrong you tend to act out of spite as soon as it happens because you are so overwhelmed with the moment. Most people do this - it doesn't mean we're stupid it just means we got carried away and we sometimes do things without thinking. Now I'm starting to realize that the break up with Scott was a good thing. We were forcing something that wasn't making either of us happy. Of course I didn't think about either him or me and our happiness I just wanted to keep us together for as long as possible. Besides I have too many other things going on in my life right now that I need to work on and if we were still together I would have ignored these things. I don't want to become one of those people who throw their entire lives in their online journal so I won't go into everything that is going on with me. If you're my friend you know. I'm through acting like someone else in order to please people. This is my life and I'm the one living it. Other people won't be around my whole life but I will so therefore I'm putting myself and my happiness first. No more staying in one place because I'm afraid of change. I want to experience as much as I can because to me that is what life is all about. No more dwelling on the past it can't be changed - move onto today that's were things are happening and decisions need to be made. I don't want to slip off the road by looking the wrong way like I did on my driving test which by the way I failed. But that's ok, there's always next Thursday. OK enough with the things I've already learned and experienced. Onto new things, new places, and new people. I'm tired of feeling sorry for myself and wanting to be someone else. I'm going to be me again and do what makes me happy. I'm going to take advantage of the help I'm getting and I'm going to help myself get better and not depend on others to save me. And I'm also sorry to Scott, one of the reasons why I was so dependent on you was because you helped me and I thought you could save me entirely and make all the bad things go away. I now realize I'm the only one who can do that. I'm sorry I turned you into my therapist. I'm through with the break inside my hole, time to climb out.