NOTES FOR A SUCCESSFUL EFFEXOR WITHDRAWAL

After doing research on this board and others, I prepared the following withdrawal regime and carried it out, making slight adjustments as I went along.  It worked for me, although the withdrawal was not easy.  I share it with you all in gratitude for all your advice and sharing over these past months. I hope it will be a help for you preparing to come off Effexor

1. MY SITUATION:

a. Length of Time of Effexor: 5.5 years

b. Dosage: 150 mg XR

c. Reason for Effexor: TMJ, myofascia and migraines due to a displaced jaw disc, lock jaw and stress.

d. Other medications: Flexeril (periodically over the years but not in past year when things are "bad"); Trazodone, for sleep; vitamins and herbs as needed.

e. Status: Age: 43, Height 5'-10"; Weight: 160. Married, no kids, work from home.

f. Reasons to Come Off: Generally feeling better with the help of physiotherapist; life situation has become low-stress and stabile (secure job, good marriage, work from home); side effects of Effexor becoming irritating, especially the emotional distance from my own thoughts / emotions; and simply feel that I cannot be on this drug for the rest of my life.

2. MY WITHDRAWAL REGIME

Procedure:

Drop my dosage by 18.75 mg (XR) every two weeks. 4 months total time to get to zero. Divided 37mg pills into two parts to equal 18.75, depositing each part in new empty vegetable gel caps (available at health food store).

In general:

a. No caffeine -- not even decaffeinated coffee.

b. No alcohol.

c. Exercise every day (heartbeat up for 20 minutes or more).

d. Steam Room / Sauna / Hot bath or long hot shower every day.

e. 40-50 hour work weeks, nights / weekends off for "down time".

Daily:

a. Vitamins (one dosage each in the morning and night): B Complex (50 mg); C (1000  mg); E (400 iu); Omega (2000 mg); Glucosamine Sulfate; 8 glasses of water.

b. Continued with my Trazodone medication for sleep during entire tapering process, took no Flexeril.

Experience during each tapering of 18.75 mg:

First 24 hours: no side effects.

48 hours: very bad day: grumpy, anger, rage (for someone relatively sweet natured); nausea, dizzy, balance problems, headache; when moving head too quickly would become nauseous; body pains, disrupted sleep with periodic nightmares. The main thing is to be as far from other people as possible since any conversation would rub me the wrong way. Asked wife to take nothing I say personally, agree with whatever I say, or simply "get out of my way". Eventually we found sending her away for the day shopping or whatever to be the best. On these days I would plan to do a lot of non - thinking busy work around the house: fix things, garden, etc. Spent extra time at gym and in steam room.

72 hours: very low energy, dopey, foggy, wanting to stay in bed, body pains. My energy would then slowly gain over the next few days. Some of the above side effects would appear briefly without warning between drops in dosage (anger, bad nights sleep, sluggish).

Once at zero mg.:

Symptoms:  All of the above, but slightly increased in all areas.

Acute allergy symptoms -- sneezing, headache, stuffed up from morning to night -- aches and pains. I took Benadryl during this time which helped a lot.

Detox Period:

Now I had to remove the toxins from Effexor from my body. Regime:

a. Steam Room / Sauna / Hot bath or long hot shower twice every day--with cold shower breaks in between heat sessions to mimic the aspects of fever.

b. cleanser: Triphila and Psyllium husk powder twice a day

c. Dry brush my skin (the skin holds a 1/3 of the body's toxins)

d. 5 day juice fast, with 2 days before and after of raw vegetables/fruits only. Stopped all medications, vitamins, benadryl, colon cleanser, everything during this juice fast. I scheduled the fast approximately 2 weeks after stopping Effexor.

e. Exercise regime every day.

3. AM I NOW IN THE CLEAR?

Here I am 4 weeks after the end of Effexor (and Trazadone -- which I replaced with melatonin). I continue to take vitamins and will do so for quite a while. So ... How am I feeling?

- I don't have words to describe how wonderful it is to have my feelings, emotions and mind back, where I feel that my moods are my own and not manufactured by Effexor.

- Allergies continue to haunt me daily, but each day it gets a bit better, and I take less benadryl.

- No need to remember pill times is wonderful, less dry mouth.

- Still a bit "low energy", but it gets better each day.

- Mood is upbeat, feeling hopeful and looking forward to clear windshields everyday!

I hope this help those of you out there planning to come off this drug. I am grateful for Effexor for all it has done to help me over the years. I wished they warned me about the withdrawal. I am grateful for all your suggestions and comments that helped me research and put this regime into place. It worked for me and I probably wouldn't change a thing if I were to do it again.
