I am not able to do breath meditation myself, so I'm a fine one to talk, but I've read that it works. The thoughts will come, no matter what you do. Supposedly the trick with breath mediation is that it gives you distance on the thoughts, helps you "stand back" from them a bit, and feel the accompanying emotions but not get as carried away by them. This reinforces your ability to know that they're just thoughts, and they will go away if you don't act on them. And supposedly either with breath meditation or without, there's an element of "fake it till you make it" at work here. It's been shown that "acting out anger" as a therapeutic tool actually makes getting angry easier than letting go of it, because it maintains the neurological pathways that anger uses. One meditation teacher calls it "rehearsing anger". So supposedly if you replace negative thoughts/feelings with positive ones, like caring for the part of you that is angry and hurt, then eventually your brain will reprogram itself to think and feel positive things. Breath meditation has become a non-religious phenomenon in recent years, like yoga. Three books that are just good reading anyway are "The Art of Happiness" by the psychiatrist Howard Cutler with the Dalai Lama, "Destructive Emotions - How Can We Overcome Them?", by the psychologist Daniel Goleman with the Dalai Lama, and "Anger- Wisdom For Cooling The Flames", by Thich Nhat Hanh, all of which discuss breath meditation as a simple practice for "mental hygiene" as opposed to a "religious practice" of any sort. Supposedly the Dalai Lama was really surprised to hear that "self-loathing" is common in Western culture, because it was so uncommon in Tibet- there was just no concept. The point of all this is, with or without meditation, is that if you notice a negative thought or emotion when it arises, rather than struggle with it to try to put it out of your mind, you should just quietly label it as "negative thought" and let it go away, and/or replace it with a positive thought, like "caring for the wounded child within you". (It's odd to notice that John Bradshaw, the "king" of "healing the wounded child", and Thich Nhat Hanh, a Vietnamese Buddhist monk, say the same thing about this.) But it's being said that there's a great similarity between Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and meditation practice, because meditation practice recognizes negative self-talk and replaces it with positive self-talk, and supposedly conditions the brain to react in positive ways. In "Destructive Emotions" there's a part about brain imaging that shows that people who meditate are activating more positive parts of their brains. And again, these books are just good reading anyway. But like I say, easier said than done. Supposedly it works for some people. I can't do it, but some people can. Maybe you can. If nothing else, all these works, including Bradshaw, are good reading and you may be able to develop positive mental habits and replace the negative mental habits with them. Both breath meditation and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy have been shown to be good adjuncts to recovery from depression, even if the depression itself is being treated with medication.