How much longer can I fake it?
I'm 33, had a full-time job for several years and have a young son.  I took a leave from work in 2014 for mental illness, at which point I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety disorder, prescribed Zoloft and was back at work when my short term disability ran out.  This was the first time I'd been on anti-depressants.  I felt tired all the time, had no sex drive, and started gaining weight, but at least I was functional.  

Over the next year, I received a few verbal warnings and 1 written warning at work about my poor performance.  Eventually, the mask broke and I was on leave again in 2015.  This time I was away for much longer, was diagnosed w/ dysthymia, tried several different medications, found out that just about every SSRI gave me horrible side effects (sweating, nausea, insomnia, no sex drive, I'm actually thinking now that maybe they caused serotonin syndrome) and eventually landed on Remeron and Wellbutrin.  This combo actually started to work, without any side effects (except for weight gain, which I've been managing with a diet now).  This time, I returned to work because I received notice in the mail that my employment was going to be terminated because it was coming up on 2 years without being at work.  I figured if I was going to be fired for not returning, I may as well return, make some money and worst thing that happens is I get fired anyways.  I was not better when I returned to work, I was functional, I was able to smile, but the low mood persisted in a big way.

And so here I am, still working, trying to fake it everyday, feeling like a house of cards thats ready to topple.  I'm afraid because if I go off work again that will have been 3 leaves of absence, and I really don't think I could show my face around here anymore after that.  I remember how horrible my life felt when I was on medical leave.  I remember falling behind on child support, having to borrow money from my parents.  I remember trying to convince my girlfriend that my low sex drive was because of meds and not because of her.  I remember trying to convince an insurance company that I'm sick, while simultaneously trying to convince myself that I can get better.  I remember feeling like a useless waste of skin that drained on the resources of everyone that dared to care about me.  I guess what I'm saying is I know, right now, I'm suffering from depression, and I'm afraid of what might happen if I admit that again.