Still recovering from ex-girlfriend
To preface this, I’m sure anyone who reads this has seen something similar on this sub a million times already. This is long and the last three paragraphs are my main point, the rest is just an explanation of my previous relationship.

A little over a year ago my ex and I finally split after a long year and a half of on and offs filled with tons of emotional abuse. It was mainly her abusing me at first, getting angry for not texting her quickly enough, coming at my neck for hanging out with friends everynight ( I assume was because she stayed home all the time) and so on. The last couple times we dated she was always angry with me for cheating (which I never did) later to find out she was the one cheating on me. I was extremely depressed once we finally cut ties that I went back and talked to her and then she told me she cheated in detail so she could bring me down more.

After the breakup I ended up getting sick and after a couple months couldn’t even bring myself to take care of myself. Small stuff like wearing my retainer and showering before 5pm was the hardest part of my day. I know that seems small but it plays into how I feel now.

3 months after the breakup I started talking to a friend I met through my ex (however they were not and still aren’t friends anymore) and we’ve been happily together for almost a year now. There was a lot of useless drama with my ex about this which has been resolved but she still tries to harass me and my girlfriend. Last month she texted my phone from her friends number trying to harass me and it was just ridiculous. 

Unfortunately I have to see her in May for my girlfriend’s prom, they are in the same senior class and I an currently a college sophomore. I still feel as though I am in a rough place and don’t physically look as good as I should. Stuff such as my teeth and acne and other results of that loss of hygeine that I still struggle with makes me feel like I have been doing worse than her, which I know shouldn’t matter but it still bothers me. I’ve tried getting my old habits back which work for a month and then I lose track again.

I guess my overall issue is I compare myself how I was when with her to where I am now, mostly with my appearance. I’m also still very depressed and feel that it puts me below her now. My only real win is that I’ve nearly kicked my drug addiction (mainly weed, I was using it to runaway from my problems) but now I can’t seem too kick my other habits of nicotine addiction and taking any kind of pill or cough syrup just to not be sober. I’ve distanced myself from friends and I simply feel lost and useless to the world. In college I can’t make new friends and just sit in my dorm room wishing I could go back and start over so I could be healthier than I am now.

I’m looking for advice or anyone to be straightforward with me on any aspect of my situation. Thank you to anyone who reads this and responds!
