Feeling numb
I’ve realized that if I can’t talk to someone about my feelings then the next best thing is to write them down and seek advice from reddit so here I am.
I’m on campus right now preparing for my midterm and my confidence is at an all time low. I haven’t even seen the paper and already I feel as if I’ve lost. I never thought I would reach such a low in my life. Something weird happened today. I finally set up a countdown timer to the day my exam results are announced. That seemed like the next logical step and it made complete sense to me in a weird way. The only thing that made me remove that was talking to my parents and seeing the hope and love for me in their eyes. I know my life isn’t truly mine and that if I hurt myself then I also hurt other people but it’s just getting too much. The thought is always there in my mind and for the past few days that voice has gotten stronger. I’ve been through this period before and had come out nearly unharmed and at the beginning of the year I was feeling optimistic about what’s to come but that lasted all of one month. The future I was dreaming of looks bleak and distant and with every passing minute that future keeps on going farther and farther away from me. I try very hard to keep my guard up near people I know and love but it’s becoming harder and harder to do so. I used to think that I was destined to do some good in the world but maybe that was just me being delusional. It’s getting harder to keep the tears in. Whenever I used to feel numb, I used to punch the wall just to feel something but even that is not helping now. All I wanna do is talk to someone and pour my heart out but I don’t know if I have the strength left to do that. Getting out of bed is starting to feel like a struggle and for the first time in a while I’m afraid of myself, of what I might do if things don’t go my way. I know that this is not the end of the line but why does it feel like it is? How can anyone recover from such a failure? It’s gotten so bad that I would much rather prefer that I disappeared than having to tell my parents what’s wrong. Depression is nothing new for my university and it wouldn’t be the first time that someone took a drastic step and now I know why they did what they did. The pressure and stress which comes with a university as respected as mine, is just too much to handle. I’m almost inclined to reveal my university’s name just in case someone’s able to figure out who I am and I can finally get the respite I desire so much. All around me I see happy faces and I can only hope that one day I can leave all this behind me and be happy but in the meantime I guess I just have to struggle on and wait for the light at the end of the tunnel.
