I am starting to feel really frustrated with life because there are things I don't understand about the world. My problem is I think too much and I wish I was off in space thinking about a night out in the city but I'm not. Instead I focus on every negative thing I can. I would never kill myself and because I wouldn't do that I really want to know how I can get over all this shit and be happy with what I got. I don't know if it's my mind playing the victim but I feel like everyone close to me is out to hurt me. For example I am 20 and I don't have a car. I can understand I should already have it like two years ago but this a prime point for my parents to pick on me. For some reason my mom got herself into a bit of a mood and started having a go at me which caused me to end up in tears because she told me I am hopeless and so are all my brothers and that I am an embarrassment. This is all because I don't have a car! She's usually really caring but she came out with all this stuff. Am I going crazy or is it really a huge deal to not yet have a car? Is it worth hurting your daughter over?? Then there is my supposed "boyfriend" who picks on me about my weight. I am not as thin as I once was. I've put on about 10 kilos in 3 years. I know it's not a good thing but for ages everything was about my weight. I used to weigh 54 kg which is tiny and now I am 64kg. My boyfriend is at university and thinks that my life holds no meaning because I apparently have no hobbies and I just turn up to my "little job".  I have friends that are completely selfish and I always end up paying for everything and they can't even do me a simple favor. I don't want to play the victim because I've been a punching bag for so many people who themselves have played the victim so it's nothing I would aspire to be.

 

I could write pages and pages and pages of how annoyed I am but I thought I'd just give an idea. I'm sick of people being the way they are to me and making me out to be a energy drain. Does anyone know what to do to not feel bad about who you are?
