The only thing that can happen in such a boring world is terror. Or something. Did you se the footage from Monrovia (that's in Liberia, for any Americans who might be reading this...)? I can't understand how these kids are just walking around firing their AKs as if they are hanging out after school. You don't tend to see the other side but I assume it's the same. There was a shot of a group of kids nonchalantly lounging around on the back of a pickup truck upon which was mounted an old-fashioned looking heavy machine-gun, the kind with an armored shield and mounted on a pivot, maybe a mobile anti-aircraft gun. The truck wasn't moving, the gun was in use. So why were a bunch of kids just sitting there? Don't human beings usually seek to protect themselves from danger? Why do people involved in a fire fight walk around as if they were popping out to the shops for a six pack and a box of 200 B & H? Despite 3 weeks service in the Israeli army, I have yet to experience any sort of hostile activity which goes beyond the emotional... What do you do when everything you were told turned out to be bullshit and you realize that everyone you know is deluded? I have started to experience intense rages which appear to be provoked by my girlfriend, who, it seems, thinks that the purpose of a relationship is to psychoanalyze one's partner destructively, to the point of inducing a breakdown. Or something. I have lashed out at her, hitting and screaming and have, during intense screaming matches, to beat my fists against the wall. This is the best I can do to prevent myself from smashing her to pieces. My right hand still hurts me from a couple of days ago. She closes the windows to try to spare the neighbors any unpleasantness. God knows what they must think. Like I could give a fuck. I am inconsiderate, I am selfish, I am a bastard, I have a cold attitude to others, I am a snob, I have contempt for everyone. I don't know which is my stuff and which is hers. I am thinking more of suicide these days. I used to have the regular teenage fascination with my mortality and the potential termination thereof. We were going to try for a baby but she has a hormonal condition which seems quite serious. I have to go wank in a jar and see if my tadpoles are doing whatever it is they should do. She wants me to consider going off with another woman to procreate if it turns out she is infertile. This fills me with rage. I will not tell you why. If you don't understand this you don't understand. What does anyone understand? Is life ever going to change? I am starting to suffer from a new sort of depression. I am starting to feel like I am 31 and the old passion is really not there anymore. Everything is hopeless but it can't ever change. I want to hurt myself and have a fantasy to kill myself with my Leatherman. AHAHAHAHAHA.