I'm new and my message doesn't seem to fit anywhere else. I have been suffering from depression since I was 15 (now 21) but I've only recently thought of it as 'depression' as I used to think it was just me and all my feelings were real. It started with wanting to end up in hospital - get hit by a car etc. I felt useless and boring and unwanted by my family or anyone. Felt like I was jus in the way wherever I went. I felt empty and the only escape I ever had was fantasizing about the day I die - that release that I would feel from everything. So I used to write suicide notes and when I could read them without crying then I would deem myself ready. Or I would think that if I could starve myself for a week then I would be ready. (This one I couldn't do) finally it all got too much. In my head, my parents were so disappointed in me that they would be better off without me and to my sisters I was too annoying that they wouldn't miss me. Up until now I had jus cut myself discreetly. So I took 80 paracetamol (not knowing then that they can't actually kill you) and jus sat around waiting - half excited half scared. Nothing happened for ages and I started to get more scared - what would my parents think? Would they cope? Would they blame themselves? So I threw up and called an ambulance myself. I will never get over how hurt they were by what I had done and so will never do that again. But I still think bout it. When ever things get too hard. I think how can I make it look like an accident as I know they could handle that much better than suicide. I have been on antidepressants for 8 months now. For the 3rd time. But it seems that they are just putting a 'blanket' over how I'm feeling and I'm not addressing the real issues; not that I know what they are. I can't get motivated to study, go to class, go out, anything. I don't care. I don't see the point in living a miserable life and what if there is no point? what if our worlds are all the creation of our minds and once our minds are dead, so is our world so there's no one left hurting once were gone? What is the point to a miserable life when it could all be ended now? I don't think suicide is the right way to go - I believe only god, whatever you conceive him to be (if anything) should have the only power over life and death, but why does he take some people and not others? (More specifically, me?) I pray that he will take me next - give me the cancer meant for someone who loves life - but as yet has been to no avail. But if all we are to do is to be alive then die, why can I not decide to take my death into my own hands, like so many people do what they want with their lives? Of course, there's always the factor of limbo - do people who commit suicide really end up in limbo? I suppose what scares me even more is that - going through the pain and anguish of suicide just to end up in limbo - with just your mind, thinking away for ever.... are my feelings wrong? Is it a chemical reaction in my brain? Or do I just not belong in this life? So confused! And just don't see the point in being here - anyone have the answers I'm looking for? Life is pointless.