Hi folks, I've only discovered this topic after making several previous posts :) I am from a traditional Asian culture, but now half-westernized on migration to Australia since age 6. I've had a long history that stems right to my parents' histories before I was born. To cut it very short, my father has schizoid/schizotypal/socially withdrawn personality traits, and my mother has dependent traits, so they basically had a loveless marriage (common in my culture). There is a long history of parental quarrelling and physical abuse on my mother before and after I was born, some of which I heard as a child to early teens. I was seldom exposed socially growing up, and I had few school friends. I was also 'born' a quiet person, but this and lack of socializing made me a withdrawn kid. When I was about 4, I believe I experienced one psychotic episode (I 'saw' 2 caped 'grim reapers' at that time), since which I have no further experiences. I experienced a few bouts of depression during secondary school, for which I didn't seek help because of my shyness and parental/cultural stigma that 'depression does not exist' (thankfully my family has ditched that attitude now). During that time, I had many suicidal thoughts and attempted suicide maybe 3 times but didn't tell anyone about it. A very terrible incident also happened towards the end of high school - one night, I physically assaulted my father while he was quarrelling with mom, and he was hospitalized. I got charged with assault, but no conviction was recorded after I did psychotherapy for anger control - that was also the only therapeutic contact with psychological/psychiatric services I had until very recently. That incident, although I felt numb through that time, has been scarred into my memory - I can still recall the events, and my conscience is still wrecked over it, though I continue to fight it and let it go. At school, I was a top-end academic achiever in science and math. I was named dux of the school on graduation. Upon entering university, my depression became worse mainly because of increased social isolation. I was still shy and withdrawn, I lost contact with my high school friends (they also saw me as 'weird', but I was also a bit narcissistic towards them at some times - I think it was an unconscious aggressive reaction towards them), and failed to make any lasting friendship with university peers. One year into university, I started studying Medicine, which I am still doing at the moment. However I felt that course had over time did not improve me, though I did make few friends. I still felt unable to socialize with peers, even though I was in constant contact with them through many lectures and tutorials. Even though I was an average performer, I felt I struggled heavily through the years with study. Late last year, my depression hit a new low - my parents had another quarrel, and I was studying psychiatry which forced me to realize the extensiveness of my past and current problems. It was another awful time - I lost a lot of self-confidence/esteem, became more withdrawn. I ended up failing my first practical exam but still passed given my past satisfactory academic record - the faculty put it down to lack of practice, but the truth is because of what I experienced leading up to the exam. In this year however my depressive bouts became much worse - my few friends had deferred, and I was left with no friends, despite still knowing the others 'by name'. My experience during this year was largely negative - I felt harassed by teaching doctors, peers, being looked at as a 'weirdo' and excluded from conversations and their social outings (whether this was a valid view, I'm finding out now by resocializing with them - my main aim at the moment). Over the last 2 months I had about 5 more depressive episodes, and attempted suicide 3 times, again nobody knew about them. It became a frantic situation - I approached the faculty dean for help, but he only recommended me a psychiatrist, who he was supposed to contact before I contacted him. However that psychiatrist wasn't notified, and I felt very angry about it and thought that nobody was out there to help me. In retrospect, my view was unrealistic - help only exists on a professional level, something I knew long before but did not acknowledge at that time, making me upset. My depression faded away a few days later. A few nights ago, I had a short dispute with mom, got upset and this eventually led to me joining this forum after a quick search on the net. Why am I writing this intro? Several reasons. I want to tell my story to others, and feel this is a stepping stone to encourage myself. I also want others not yet aware that depression can affect ANYONE, even the best of us, even those involved in the medical profession (up to 30% of junior doctors suffer from depression, and up to 10% have attempted/committed suicide). I want to improve my own situation - most of all, learning to deal with feelings of sadness and negatively that has crippled me mentally in the past, and my lack of sociability which doesn't help my situation. I know deep inside I am capable of pulling through, of being able to live a normal healthy life because I am aware of my problems and have the power to deal with them. Finally, although I'm still a student, I believe my position is privileged and that I should use what knowledge I have learnt to help others as best as I can, something I will be bound to by Hippocratic Oath on finishing school. I am grateful that such a forum exists for others and me to express our thoughts, experiences and feelings, and that there are people out there who devote themselves for such causes. Thank you all.