I am in a state of emptiness. Recently, I was in a relationship with someone who didn't love me, but I loved them intensely. I had hoped eventually she would turn around, but for that time, I found deep meaning in her. Now it's over, and she doesn't seem to care. Meanwhile, I am in hell. It's like the past four years of my life were just a dream. I feel humiliated, used and defeated. I feel like I have nothing. I lost my job, stopped going to school, and was forced to move back in with my parents. I feel like a total failure and completely worthless. I feel like I am being punished by God, and there is no way out. Even in my dreams I can't escape the pain. I can't see the good in anything anymore. Everywhere, I see pain and suffering, with no hope. Even when I meet incredible people who am in awe of, I feel almost envious, knowing that I am a worthless, useless nothing in the presence of angels. I still have some friends, but have grown distant from them. Seeing their success, no matter how minute, just reminds me of my worthlessness. I have nothing to offer the world. I am without purpose.

Even when I have enough things to distract me, my ex is still in my dreams or nightmares every night. Before I met her, I got my life on track, was kicking ass in school, and headed for something. I know I can't blame her, but I just feel so stupid for getting caught up in her drama for no reason. What a waste.

I don't know. I've been reflecting on my life a lot. I'm 27 and have nothing to show for it. I feel like I have to make drastic changes. Liquor and drugs are not doing me any good. I don't know what the hell I want anymore. I'm so lost, sometimes I don't even know if I'm really alive.

I feel like right now, I have to settle for mediocrity and hope for simple low - stress job that pays the bills, but I don't have any source of joy or anything really to look forward too.

I've pinpointed that the major source for depression and life problems as been my self-hatred. It manifests itself in many forms, including obsessive feelings of inadequacy and incompetence, paranoia, being overly - sensitive to criticism, feeling worthless, hopeless, and giving up too easy because of those feelings.

Where did all this self - hatred come from? I don't want to blame my parents at my age, but I know that how they treated me when I was younger affected me and it still lingers in my psyche. They always employed the shame approach to parenting. Anytime something happened, my father would curse at me, and lecture me on how worthless I was. He would glare at me, and I just had to sit there and listen. Sometimes I would start crying, and then he would yell at me for crying, and say shit like "look at you, you're not even ashamed." Shame was apparently a virtue. My mother once told me when I was 8 that she wanted to have a third child, but because I was such a disappointment, she decided against it. They hit me frequently, with a bamboo stick. I remember they would constantly compare me to their friend's children, praising them and ask me why I couldn't be more like them.

So all this happened, but I can't change the past. I don't want to dwell and blame my parents for their mistakes, no one is a perfect parent. I just want to get over these feelings of self - hatred and get my life in order. I've identified the source of my depression, but haven't been able to change all those feelings and thought-processes that have been ingrained in me since early childhood. Does anyone have any advice on how to overcome these feelings, and gain a sense of confidence and direction back?
