Need to talk and I have nobody.
Hey all. Just need to talk, really struggling right now and trying to dig out of it. Not really sure what else to do.


Pattern of behaviour:

Wake up in the morning with immediate feelings of depression and loneliness. Acute feelings of being alone in bed, uncomfortable. Become compelled to flip through Bumble, Tinder because I feel a need to try and immediately correct the problem. I never (and I mean never) match. Have to fight urges to immediately abuse addictions like porn and weed. Sometimes do, sometimes don’t.
Prepare for work, fight off feelings of sadness about ex-girlfriend and situation it puts me in. Fight the urge to blame her for the failure of the relationship even though I logically know I’m wrong or that’s not fair. She just left to pursue school and had to move on, she didn’t do anything to me. Fight feelings of rejection and feelings of inadequacy in my value to others even though there’s no reason to feel that here.


Walk to work, continue to fight with anger issues re: relationships and validation. Sometimes frustration stems from lack of work success but more often than not it’s physical appearance issues and relationship issues. I get caught in a loop being mad at her and being mad at myself and my capacity to deal with being alone.


Auto-pilot at work. Able to do job easily, so lack of focus is a non-issue. I spend too much time on Facebook and other social media looking for outlets to expand my social network and friends. Find it very difficult to do so without appearing over-anxious or creepy and new opportunities rarely prevent themselves. Sometimes  Imarket business and contact clients/potential clients. Sometimes a boost comes from having success here, but often the lack thereof is equally esteem damaging.


Go home, usually bus. Already tired. Immediately engage addictions, usually beer and weed. Start watching TV or playing games and rarely stop until bed time. I'll leave easy tasks like cleaning dishes, etc for weeks. Continual evasion of solving problems, instead opting to rely on substances to either forget or balance my feelings of sadness. Occasionally I have friends over, but many of them use substances as well or are in similar life situations so finding solace in these encounters is limited. Furthermore, they are my friends of many years and represent a kind of social stagnation.


At night I’m usually in bed by 10, not because I’m out of things to do, but because I’m either drunk or bored.


On weekends I’m lucky if I do anything outside of what I do immediately after work. I rarely feel compelled to do anything. If I get invited to a bar, I end up going and feeling alienated from everyone and ‘out-of-place’. Most of the time, I just feel too tired to join my friends, but I also feel a lack of motivation because I’m sure it’ll just be the same crowd—and it appears their lives keep moving while mine does not.

I am behind on adulthood. I have only recently acquired a driver’s license, I just renewed my glasses prescription and only just started living on my own. I have to get my teeth taken care of and they are a source of stress and physical pain (still have wisdom teeth at 34). I have the habits of a teenager. I smoke copious amounts of weed, I drink daily and I don’t pursue my interests or goals. I know the right course of action most of the time, but I actively ignore it because the amount required to get healthy is just too much. I have spent a great majority of my life single and most of my relationships aside from a few gems have been tumultuous, emotional rollercoasters. More often than not, 
Despite all these things I feel undervalued in my society. I think of myself as smart, funny and confident in my skills, but I feel that the rest of the world doesn’t care and doesn’t see those as appealing. I feel like without looks and an academic education, you can only accomplish so much and that people’s standards are so high that competition for a good role in society is unlikely. I feel unable to compete when the above issues prevent me from succeeding. Motivation to do anything is lowered by the lack of acceptance in general, the feeling that I should be acceptable the way I am but am not, and my inability to seem to control that situation. It doesn’t help that on the face of it, most people will tell me that I seem like a “catch”, an incredibly high-value person with lots to offer—except that none of that seems to translate to my life, emotional attachments or stability.

I'm just lost.
