Can’t fix anything in my life
I’m such a fundamentally broken person. I’ve want to say I’ve been fighting for years, but that’a not true. All I can do is fucking run away from everything until the day is over. No action I take to improve myself can ever have weight because I’m so godddamn broken that when I try to do something to better myself, it just reminds me of how much of a fucking loser I am. I cannot handle the fucking *pain* that comes with self improvement. It’s not fun in the least. It’s humbling. Too humbling. And it just shoves in my face all the time I’ve wasted and all of the experiences I never had simply by virtue of being my self. 

Everyone who’s happy acts like life is just some natural occurrence. Like things just happened to them and fell into place. This couldn’t be further from the truth of my experience. Nothing ever just happens organically. Either I try hard and fail due to my lack of intelligence, or I don’t do anything at all. It’s hard to stay happy after constant failure and social rejection. I’ve never had interests or goals or relationships or friends. I never will. These thing don’t just happen. You have to be a certain kind of person for them to happen. I am not that person. I will never be that person because I don’t even know who I want to be, and if I figured that out I would be too insecure to become that. 

All I see in my future is homelessness and destitution because I came into adulthood with absolutely zero interests, special memories, or relevant/helpful past experiences. My memory of my life in general is so goddam hazy at this point, if I ever did have those things, they have long been gone to the abyss. I just think why. Why do I have to be so broken and dysfunctional among everyone else? I’m not even a real person. I’m a complete shell of what could have been a person. This is too difficult to come to terms with, while impossible to argue against. It is true. It is my reality. It honestly just makes me angry, bitter, and jealous of others, at a very deep, fundamental, human level, for what the healthy people have. I fantasize about taking two AR-15s and unloading on people. Maybe I know them, maybe I don’t, it wouldn’t matter. Often lives completely lose their value when my headspace gets dark enough. Not as the result of an “illness” but of the fact that I am who I am both physically and psychologically. Blind rage. That is what the result of my dysfunction is. Pure fucking anger at both the world and myself. Unable to cope with my grim reality, all I want to do is destroy. 

The only thing I could ever really destroy is myself. The thought of my life slipping away becomes more attractive by the day as I see how impossible my desires are and how completely fruitless any effort to change is sure to be, just like it always has. I can’t handle the responsibility of being alive and I don’t want to anymore. I’m just here for the hedonistic pleasures life sometimes offers, until either I or something else kills me. 

