I've been reading this subreddit for awhile.
Well, as the title says I have been reading this stuff for months. I think I'm depressed. I'm not sure why though. I have a really good long-term boyfriend, everything I need and a lot of things I just want. I've been "depressed" as long as I can remember. I think about killing myself every day, multiple times a day. Like, "oh, i dropped something, well better kill myself" "Oh, I failed that math problem, you're worthless better kill yourself now" I can barely shower most days. I don't know why my boyfriend hasn't broken up with me. Sometimes I wish he would so I could just kill myself. I feel really bad for him. 

I have anger issues I think, My moods change really fast, it is hard to keep up with them and I don't know why it happens. Most days I don't want to get out of bed. I don't have any friends. I always feel like everyone hates me. 

It would just be so much easier to die, why do people bother with life? What is the point? Everyone has always said that things "get better" but they don't really. They change and then something else sucks.

Nothing makes me happy, I don't enjoy doing anything that I can do by myself. I hate being alone, I hate my own company. I guess I just hate myself. Is this depression? Do I just suck? Maybe I'm just being dramatic. 

I wanna be a better person but I don't know how. My anxiety feels like a prison. It's really hard for me to leave the house. I HATE being around people, but I don't want to be alone either. Going to the store is a nightmare for me, the panic attacks and worrying I'm in someones way all the time. I only go in the middle of the night and never by myself. 

What is wrong with me? Why can't I do things normal people do? Is there any point in existing when you always feel miserable? This is the most awkward thing I've done in awhile, Time to take a nap and forget I posted here.  

( I didn't post to suicide watch because I've been having these thoughts so long I don't think I'll ever do it, even though I probably should. I'm just dramatic) 