It's been a while since I've written and I decided to start off again with a bit of a bang. I'm going to post my story of beginning recovery, this is to try and cheer some people up and to let them know that they could do it too. Well now, where to start.... About a year and a half ago (the beginning of Grade 8) is when I started to notice the changes. Not physical but emotional. I had been told many times that this was very normal for teenagers so I thought nothing of it. There was an incident with a rather immature and nasty young man, who I just happened to have an ENORMOUS crush on. Anyway we both kind of lead each other on for a while but nothing happened, than he meet this girl at a hockey game. He immediately started talking about her all the time and how he really loved her so much.  I began to feel more and more useless. After that I started rolling down hill like a circle of cheese, and by March of that year I was quite close to suicide at several occasions. This is when I started noticing that this might not be normal and tried many self-help methods, all of which failed. I thought Grade 9 could be a new beginning, it wasn't. My grades were starting to slip and I just couldn't be happy anymore. Finally after a close call in December I told my mum all about my failed attempts and how I was feeling. She agreed to get me a new doctor. I visited her and I got diagnosed with depression and was prescribed Cipralex. Of course that took a while to work too which involved me missing a lot of school, falling really far behind, and having several more close calls. Finally I started feeling a little better and was even stable enough to start going back to school and going to visit my family in the East. Well I just got back from that trip and I have never felt better. I am ready to face the world. That trip was just what I needed. When I get through these next weeks until my birthday all I can see is a varely clear path ahead! For the first time in a year and a half I can concentrate and tolerate less than perfect circumstances. I hope everyone here will feel this way, you can if you just push through! Power to us! Rock on!