It goes by a few names ..... a spiritual eclipse ... the black hole .... the shadow .... my own prison ... the downward spiral.
I've named it a lot of different things ... like it has a life of its own.
In a way it does .... my life.
For too long and too completely.
It's getting better but at times it seemed it couldn't be much worse ... unless I did the unthinkable ...  at least most of the time it's unthinkable.
Divorced for a little over a year know ... removed from a wife I came to realize was a classic borderline personality (look it up) ... I never realized how far down I was on the ladder of life and spirit until I got away from the witch / queen.
A true chameleon who changed and kept me guessing and off balance for 18 years .. never knowing who to expect.
Finally starting to figure it out ... I think.
Two DWI's since the split in rapid succession and then finding out I was self medicating without realizing it.
No license for the last 10 months (2 to go) and recovering emotionally and financially with Mom and Dad. Thank God someone cares.
Two children I had to leave with the Queen of misery because of the threat of false allegations against me if I dared to go for custody.
Hungry and lonely for someone to just be nice to me and care about me  ... at least a little bit ... I find myself in my own prison having to acknowledge the fact "Why would anyone want to have anything to do with me?"
Hard to accept, but the truth ... too much baggage ... my ex's baggage she handed off to me to spare herself her own truth.
At times I wished I could just flip a switch and just go away.
Times I thought about driving into a bridge abutment or into a truck at the last second.
Absolutely crazy stuff.
I can now see what was so logical at that time to be so desperate from too much pain suffered by the abuser she was.
I can now see the so called glimmer or hint of a silver lining in the most simple of things life offers to everyone each and everyday.
Thank God ....... finally.
Things will get better and hopefully someday great.
I keep trying remind myself things could be a lot worse.
Two great healthy kids who love me and miss me terribly.
I'm their entire world. I now realize that.
That alone has kept me "here".
Realizing now that I've been lost in that vortex of hell tugging at me for years ...
I actually want to keep going on to life's next challenge.
That spells hope and progress in itself.
I've made it this far after going through hell with her ... why stop know when things are just starting to look up
I don't want to go back into that dark hole that life was for far too long.
