Hi, I am new here and don't know where to start, where to post or anything. I don't know what can help me, but I know that I don't like my self, and I am unhappy most of the time. I am not currently on any medicines (can't even do that right) and have never really been tested or diagnosed with anything other than depression. I live my life day dreaming of what could be and what should be......I am a 38 year old female and my problems started when I was born. I was born to an alcoholic dad whom I loved and a mom who did the best she could whom I love as well. My whole family was in therapy from about the time I was 4 years old. Our family therapist/doctor was Dr. Love, I am not kidding that was his real name. All kinds of things were going on in my family that I was not aware of until I was grown. One was the fact that my real father was sexually molesting my older half sister.......I was labeled a "bad child" "out of control child" and was locked in my room for hours at the time which was what our doctor told them to do.....I would not cry when I was punished or spanked and my mom would have to stop my dad from whipping me to keep him from killing me I suppose. I was the youngest of 4 children, 1 real sister 1 half sister and one half brother. Although after I was grown I found out that my real sister was only half too... I was very creative in a strange kind of way while I was locked in my room. I would open my window a scream for help with my tape recorder on, so when I got tired I could play it back so maybe someone would come......we had big metal blinds in the windows and for some reason I would raise the blind all the way up and tie the string to my door knob when I would go to sleep at night so the blind would fall if anyone opened my door... Crazy huh??? Any way, when I was about 11 years old I was put in a foster home, you know cause I was a bad child. Then I went to group homes, back and fourth here and yonder. Never tested for anything.....never medicated.....I was back and fourth from home, foster homes, group homes and mental hospital from the age 11 to 16. During one of the times I was gone my parents divorced, and my mom moved to a new house. I had met a guy during one of my short stays home, and thought that he was my world. You know by then I thought no one loved me, except for him. He was my world. My oldest sister told me that if we got married I couldn't be sent away any more. She knew how it was being at those places in the 70's and 80's....I mean if you weren't already "mad" you would be.....So I married the only person in the world that I thought loved me......As soon as we were married, I got pregnant. He cheated on me, controlled me, I couldn't even go outside without him beating me. He would come in from his girlfriend's house and if I said anything about it, he would go off and throw things and call me every name in the book, take aerosol spray cans and a lighter and throw flames at me until I was in the corner begging and crying for him to stop. He beat me in my stomach and said he hoped I lost the baby. He said if I ever left him he would kill me. I had to get stitches over my eye where he busted it. Of course I lied to the doctor.....scared for my life. All of this went on for a year, when my daughter was born he was not even there. His parents had to go get him out of his girlfriends bed....I was young and dumb. I thought that everything would get better now, I mean he was the only one in the world that "loved" me. Things got worse and when my daughter was weeks old he got in one of his moods and was beating on me and his grandma. That's who we lived with. He went out in the yard and took an axe to all the cars and his dad came over to stop him. My husband took the baby out of my arms and held her over his head in the street and threatened to drop her......that's the day I left him. His father called the police and had them come get him. Then he called my mom and told her she had better come get me and the baby if she didn't want us dead. He said that he had got my husband locked up for now, but that it was his son and that he did have to go get him out. So my mom came and helped me pack up and leave...... That is the first chapter of my life......it doesn't get any better.....but it does help to tell all on here. I will tell more later. I need to go to sleep for a while and pass some time. Thanks for the chance to just ramble on here.