I've had quite a few life situations that have probably contributed to depression.1. I grew up in an emotionally/sexually abusive family...but the type of abuse that is just over the line enough to mess with your head, to make you wonder if it was really abusive or if you were just sensitive. I still talk to them and see them at times, but vast quantities of things go unsaid. 2. I left home for college, and almost immediately was recruited into a religious cult where I stayed for 14 or so years; I just got out a couple of years ago. 3. I had my first major depressive episode while inside and although I found a supportive therapist, she too was in the cult and therefore some of her advice at times was influenced by their beliefs. Also I was alternately shunned and ostracized, rebuked harshly, or encouraged to give up medicines/therapy by various members in various levels of leadership in the cult. 4. I very recently switched jobs to a much better job situation, but am still adjusting the environment. 5. We're in contract to purchase a home, which is great, but also an adjustment. The Question. My psychiatrist thinks I've been depressed for most of my life. Which makes sense when I look back over my journals and look at various things I did, said or experience. Thing is, to me, depression as a state of mind became normal. I didn't know anything different than how I was feeling. So what happens is this: I mention something I've been experiencing to my therapist. She is concerned and asks if I've brought it up to my psychiatrist. When I do bring it up to my psychiatrist, he says, "Why didn't you mention this before?" To which my response is: I didn't know I should. Translation: I thought it was normal. Right now I'm on Effexor, with Adderall XR as a booster plus synthroid due to a nasty run in with lithium. When I started I was okay. Great even, minus the utter exhaustion at the end of every day. Lately though I've been feeling...things...that I can't describe. Sadness...but a feeling bigger and diverse than the word "sadness" can contain. Tired...but a "tired" with an emotional component. Feelings I don't have words for, but that pierce me to the bone. And that are not connected with anything in real time that I can think of. Is this normal? Deep strong feelings that surface out of nowhere for a time and then dissipate...usually on the weekends when I don't have work to focus on? Not feeling much of anything in between those times? Being vibrant and full of ideas yet calm and productive first thing after I take the medicines, but gradually fading to sort of numb, definitely tired, somewhat negative by the afternoon with exhausted, sink into the couch with the remote, hit the bed for a nap by 7:30, sometimes 6pm? How do you know what's "normal" if abnormal has been normal for you for so long? How do you know when it's time to have a sit down with the psychiatrist again?