I lost my father to a sudden and completely unexpected heart attack two weeks ago. I've been up and down, but right now I'm at a loss. What are some strategies you'd employ(secular wise, i'm non religious). I suffer from severe anxiety(GAD) and severe depression. xpost /r/griefsupport
I'm going to seek counselling by the way very soon. My Dad's service hasn't happened yet. I was planning after that to start up again but with this added part.

So yeah, my dad showing no signs of it, had a massive heart attack on the 14th and passed away on the 16th at 73 years old. I realize people's times do come, and he had health problems(As far as we knew, no heart disease, had been checked out) but he didn't smoke or drink and he lost a lot of weight and took care of himself for the most part. He was slowing down, but no more then an older person would.

To say it was a shock would be putting it mildly. I ugly cried in front of him and his hospital bed several times. I'm just so broken up for my mom and my family. Of course, me too. But my Mom and Dad were married for 45 years. And although it wasn't perfect, they had a true love. And I have such a close relationship with my mother. So when her heart is breaking it's hard for me to see. I sponge it. I feel that pain.

I've also unfortunately had to deal with siblings who are dealing with this tragedy by lashing out and trying to put themselves ahead of myself and my brother. (My sister and other brother). And that's been super difficult. They've said some ugly things that I'm trying to look past at the current moment.

Anyways, I just wanted to know other then counselling, if there's anything you feel that might be of use to me and my brain to move forward without Dad. Depression has creeped in the last few days with the grief to give it a double whammy. Also had a massive panic attack yesterday as well, which I expected but it never prepares you for it.

Anyways. Thank you. Sorry if I seem scrambled. Obviously it's an overload of processing.