Hi everyone I am new here. I guess I will start from the top with my story. At the age of 17 I was hospitalized for bipolar disorder which I do not think I have. Anyways I was hospitalized twice medicines worked for a while but then I would just crash down into a further depression. At the age of 18 I stopped all medicines because I was happy and didn't think they were really doing anything to help me. Since that time I still suffer occasional bouts of depression. I will also add in that my mom has schizoaffective disorder and that I have many aunts and uncles with depression. I am now soon to be 26 and I just feel very alone. I am married and I work and go to school right now. I am just overwhelmed I don't want to go to my classes I don't feel like it is worth my time I feel like no one cares if I succeed or fail. I have had these feelings before this is the same way I felt when I dropped out of high school. I just feel worthless the only thing I even enjoy anymore is work and lately that has not given me much enjoyment at all I use to be eager to be there and now I am anxious to get off of work and come home and not do anything. My husband and I have been fighting a lot lately he has an anger problem that we have been trying to work through, and it is negatively impacting the way I feel. I can also tell though that he is worried about me he keeps asking me if I am ok or if I am mad at him I just don't really feel anything right now I am just numb. I just have a million thoughts running through my head and no matter what I do I can't seem to get rid of the negativity. I am tired all the time, yet I can't sleep at night that well but I have been falling asleep in the middle of the afternoons. I overreact to little things and the list goes on. I know what can happen if I let this go on. I nearly lost my life to the negative thoughts when I was younger that is the only reason I got help then. I have decided to see my doctor and get some help I just think I need some support I have no friends around here well at least that have any time to visit and my family is all 2 hours away. 