I guess I am writing because I don't know how to think or feel at this period. I feel that I have hurt a lot of people by having my depression, especially my parents. I haven't phoned them in 2 weeks, I just don't have the courage to talk to them. I guess they feel that I blame them for my condition. Same with my remaining 2 sisters. Dang what a situation I have put myself in!

I still have a group of friends that like me a lot, but I haven't told them about suffering from depression. I hide it inside and either act in anxious way or I do solitary activities such as write poems, play the piano or swim.

I guess the main embuggerance is that I finding the third year of my course a real struggle at the best of times, but having understanding tutors and talking to doctors that have depression help.

I don't know why things have turned out the way things are, why I struggle with anything remotely challenging, but I guess that will never be explained. Sometimes i feel frustrated with the way things have turned and I can do very little to change the current of of my present situation.

I feel kind of sick with stuff at the moment. Not that I am assuming a victim complex, but just
that in all the poems I write about, I always seek a sanctuary from the business aspect of life, you know the dog eat dog, go compete with others to get a job and survive for the next 55 years of my projected lifespan. Yeah pretty heady thoughts I'm having!

I guess I'm just scared of the future. I don't know how to survive, I kind of want to blank the future out. I guess all in all, I want to live a simple life and be decent to others. I would like the people I meet in the future to say hey that Haymond guy was a splendid fellow who really loved people and would go out of his way to help them, because he could.


But than an inner anxiety knows that I have hurt people from withdrawing into myself and by depression's virtue being too self indulgent. That hurts the most, knowing I hurt people from my depression. I never intended to harm anyone or be this way. If I could smile and be happy I would, but I can only show the scars of my mental pain as a testament to self torment.

Don't get me wrong, I smile sometimes and even rejoice in the company of those friends in normal health, but I guess I feel rejected. Self rejection and by that of the stigma of the people of the same age I encounter on campus and at home.

I want this to stop I guess. I want a placebo
pill that will transport me to the Elysium fields, because sometimes reality is a bugger to experience. I guess the main message is that I want respite from this life, some form of relief and rest, where I will achieve or obtain this elusive elixir of peace. But I'm here, still standing, still finding a lot of life a challenge, still merging into a crowd of people who are too proud to admit that sometimes things may be too much.

Who am I and what am I doing here ... I haven't a faintest clue. Yeah, I'm scared of defeat, of a battered ego that even a shred of self esteem that I had will be allowed to fly in the fresh wind.

Its sounds like I'm asking for love ... I guess I am. Also that I would love some help, and in no small measure I have requested that help from doctors and therapists and talked to you my dear friends. But I find it extremely hard to help myself, to make amends with the very mind that hurts me so.

I don't know what to think is what I wrote at the top of the blog, now seems apt to include it in the conclusion. I guess spilling my emotions has made me feel somewhat dizzy!

I guess I will wander, spinning round in circles until I get what the whole dang thing of life is all about.
