"I used to be you" "It gets better" "You have to love yourself first" &amp; other lies
Not even sure if I should post in this sub, but..  


To the people who *used to* suffer from depression, from trauma, from anxiety, from whatever made you miserable, I'm not you.   
  
You were once miserable, like me, you saw no light at the end of the tunnel, but then, you didn't give up. *Something* happened. Now you're happier, now you've got your happy ending, now you've got people who love you for who you are. But I'm not you.   
  
You probably changed, you probably were capable of change, were strong enough to change yourself even. I'm not you.  
  
I've been gone for a long time, now. There is nobody here but bad habits and terrible feelings. Sometimes I feel a semblance of someone who just wanted to make other people happy and be loved, but I think the misery just piled on like miles of permafrost.   
  
I can't blame people for not loving me, but I do blame them for lying to me. Don't they know it hurts more to say 'I care' when they don't, and it takes me much too long to figure it out? How am I ever supposed to trust people when they say they care if it's been such a common lie? The worst part is, *nobody can prove it, because nobody can help me, because nobody knows how or wants to*, I don't know. I've been asking for help for a long time now but nobody takes me seriously.  
  
You, who says that I shouldn't give up. Why? I'm not you. Years from now I will *not* be surrounded by people who love me, I will *not* be anywhere closer to happiness, I will *not* find anyone who loves me. If that person exists, and perhaps they do, I will *not* ever have the luck to meet them.   
  
You tell me I have to love myself before anyone else will. Those who grow in complete solitude don't even learn a human language. So tell me, if there is nobody to show me how to, how do you expect me to teach myself to love myself? I think you just want to place the blame on me. I don't 'love' myself and so that's why I am miserable. Not because of depression, not because of isolation, not because of poverty, not because of heartbreak, it's because I don't love myself in a world that's only taught me to hate and criticize myself. In this world where the people I thought I could perhaps give my heart to, say 'I care about you' and then show me those words are meaningless.  
  
Forgive me for being skeptical about getting better when I've only seen my life decline since it began. I'm not even asking for pity, because I know it's just the luck of the draw and I was dealt a particularly shitty hand. But can you please understand that not all of us are going to be okay in the end? Just because you suffered for many years and I've suffered for many years and you no longer suffer like you used to, doesn't mean I'm not going to continue suffering as I always have been.    
  