I went to this meeting. It was for people who have depression. The leader said to me that I was so knowledgeable I should be well. I was very sick at the time.

Which went to show me I had knowledge but no wisdom. For years I knew this. I read all the books and nothing changed. I really felt like maybe I was on the wrong line of thought to get over the depression. Yet I did feel better. I thought my life isn't changing though.

I have so many hopes and dreams for my life and here I am sitting around wasting it. I still feel like that at times but then something bad happened and I didn't react to it. I didn't feel worse. Then someone did something stupid and I didn't yell at them. I went to a friend and asked if she thought I was getting better. Her answer was. Hell Yeah. You bother to talk to me now. It seems she was doing all the talking at one stage. I didn't know.

It's been 10 years since I first got depressed In all the tests on the computer it went from severe depression to moderate the other day I got mild depression. Ok today its back to moderate. I think the reason for this is that I'm nearly there with a thought process and I just can't get it. I'm kicking myself for it for being incompetent and those words from that woman came back you have all this knowledge you should be better. Do I need to go back and do some stuff on self esteem again? Is this what this is about. I look inside of me and see my self esteem has fallen apart again ......... and I mean again! How many times is this? 100? a 1000 times?

Why can't I work this out? I don't know what is wrong.

I think if she asked me now, I would tell her, I haven't got all the answers yet. Somehow I wished she was right. That with what I knew I could just be better.

I'm off to hit the books. :-/ Isn't depression ironic? You can feel bad about anything even a compliment.

By the way. I'm still procrastinating. It's better though. I think. Not that much though I have so much to do. OK that is wrong isn't it?

I'm heading to the quiet of my bedroom to study. I hope.  
