I am too much of a coward to even kill myself
I am posting this here, not primarily to garner attention or sympathy, but because I have nowhere else to turn and I don't know what to do with myself. I also want to try and combat some of the embarrassment and shame that I feel in regards to being clinically address, so perhaps voicing what I am thinking here, it could potentially be therapeutic for me.

Now that is out of the way,this might get quite long, so I will put a tldr at the end of this.

Context:

I am a 20 year old girl. My whole life, my sense of worth was dictated around whether I could make the people around me happy. I had extremely strict and controlling parents and so I had no real sense of worth other than the fact that at least I didn't harbour any malicious feelings towards anyone, or try and hurt anybody deliberately. I had normal teenage 'angst' and moody, brooding periods, but absolutely not depression at all. I was completely, for want of a better word, normal.

In April 2017, I first had feelings of depression, when I realised how badly I had hurt someone who used to be very important in my life. (it is an extremely long story and I am slightly more at peace with it now so I don't feel the need to explain because it would take forever). I was incapicitated for a week, I would cry constantly, not leave my bed, and my mum would scream at me and tell me she 'didn't have time to deal with my shit'. However I had a REASON for feeling this down, so whether this was the start of a biological depression, I am not quite sure.

Fast forward to October 2017. This is where my current situation and problems begin. I am currently studying abroad in Japan- something I have been envisioning and looking forward to for 10 years. Honestly, I had been constantly dreaming about this for an extremely long time. It was what I felt my life was gearing towards, everything led to this.

However, it all went downhill. My host family is incredibly lovely, I had made a couple friends on social media before even joining the university, and there were so many intercultural exchange opportunities to join. Yet, despite this, I could feel my mood slipping gradually. I have always been a shy person and not good with strangers, but I began to feel a creeping anxiety looming up on me, that told me to not bother others, that by interacting with others I was causing them inconvenience and discomfort, and the best thing for me to do was to just be alone.

I partly attribute it to the fact I had a really awful teacher in my first semester here. Now, I think some people might think that this might be a cultural shock issue, but I am pretty sure that she was crossing ANY acceptable line, no matter what culture. Firstly she would be very rude to me in front of all my classmates. Say if I came in without makeup, in jeans (like, still showered, hair done, not sweatpants or anything, just not completely dolled up) she would say in front of everyone 'Your face isn't pretty enough to not wear any makeup. You are scaring everyone. You know girls in Japan care about their appearance. You should do too, for everyone's sake'. (Also my Japanese is perfectly adequate to understand interactions like that, so I know for a fact that this wasn't a language barrier issue. ) If I got a question wrong in class she would say 'You know, I don't know why I bother asking planyourspontaneity for answers, she is so useless'. Or if we had to make example sentences she would pick examples like 'What does planyourspontaneity need? Oh planyourspontaneity needs to learn how to make some friends'. And this became like a running joke in my class. I have never been bullied, so I never learnt to grow a thick skin, so this (what felt like) daily victimisation began to really grate and tear down my self esteem. I felt isolated so my social anxiety caused me to isolate myself, and people ignoring me, creating a vicious circle. I began to be completely mute in class, ignoring the teacher, be on my phone, having headphones in, and this obviously spurred her on as she would berate me for how I was a terrible student. Also I feel like it might be relevant to say how I told this teacher that the reason why I was so withdrawn and using my phone a lot was because my stepfather was undergoing cancer treatment and I was worried (this was true). But she still kept calling me useless and 'the worst student I have ever taught' to everyone. If I seemed withdrawn though she would stroke my thighs and lower back and neck (I think this contact thing might be a cultural difference but still) in front of everyone, which obviously made them think I was a total freak. If I made eye contact with them, they would quickly shuffle away or look disgusted.

Around November-ish time I began to suffer with very extreme bouts of depression. I felt awfully ashamed- here I was living the dream I had longed for for about a decade, and I was here for some reason feeling absolutely dreadful. Even if I had had a fun day, I still had this lingering sadness, and I would get home and cry. I started seeing a counsellor which was one of the best decisions (or rather, my long distance boyfriend decided for me) I ever made.

In December time it reached the point where I would barely go to class because the idea of seeing people, going to class, and even just getting out of my bed just seemed overwhelmingly difficult to me. I would cry all the time, tug my hair and cut my forearms, and would call the suicide hotline. My teacher emailed me numerous times, all very inappropriately about how her parents were dying to and how I should turn to God (not that I don't think that that is a viable avenue for some people, it just seemed like weird advice from my teacher) I tried going on anti depressants (Escitalopram?) but they made me vomit after just one pill so I stopped straight away. I travelled with my long distance boyfriend who came to Japan to see me, and felt nothing. Then I went to Nagano with my host family, and felt some kind of peace, and calmness. This calmness and general mellowness resided in me for some time, until now.

Current situation:

My depression came back with a vengeance yesterday during the day. At lunch time I locked myself into the bathrooms to cry and cry. I took a tranquilliser that had been prescribed for me during bouts of extreme depression to curb the urge to self harm and it did nothing. I hate myself so much. This exchange, this is what I wanted my life to lead up to, and my fucking brain is ruining it all for me. Aside from this, I had nothing to look forward to in my life. I just want to be happy, I want for people to not hate me. I know most people hate me because of the way they act around me, they won't invite me to any class activities even if I am right there, and I will be the only one not in the class group chat, class karaoke nights, etc etc. Literally the only one. I am scared of going to intercultural lounges to interact with people because they all know each other from last semester, and I can't even talk to people in real life in the first place. I just feel like an alien. I don't feel like I was meant to be born in this world at all. All I want is to be suddenly transported into a different world. I don't want to be here anymore. I just want to be asleep forever. I want to be dead.

But I am scared of death. I wish I was religious so I had some motivation for either killing myself and going to heaven, or for fear of hell having motivation and stay alive. What if it hurts? What if the nothingness is unbearable?

But I want to be dead. Every time I see a train go by I want to jump so badly. I know my boyfriend and family would be sad but they would get over it. He would get a better, non depressed girlfriend so he doesn’t have to deal with my shit anymore. My dad has a new daughter he treats better than he ever did me. My mum would be devastated but I don’t know if I can hold on just for her sake.

Anyway, I know I am not such a loss to the world. If anything, the vast majority of people in the world would be happy because they would not have to interact with me. I have nothing to offer anyone and my existence is just a waste and if I am not happy why should I even be here.

I wish I could gather up the courage to just do it and end it all but I am a coward and I am scared

Thank you for reading, sorry for taking up your time.