I've never talked about this to anyone
I've struggled with depression since I was in 2nd grade. For the last 7 years it's gotten worst, I'm 20 at the moment. When I was 13 I was raped occasionally. Being raped when it first happen didn't bother me as much because I didnt understand what was happening until years later. What did bother me at the time was that I felt alone. I've always felt alone, never felt like anyone cared for me or about me. I fought with my mom and step dad a lot which made me feel even more lonely. I never talked about feeling lonely to anyone because I was always embarrassed about it and still do. Because me and my parents had a rocky relationship I would be abused by both at times. One time I was arguing with my mom and she ended up getting a 2 by 4 and started hitting me with it. I never rasied my hands at my parents, just talked a lot of shit and was an asshole to them. My parents kicked me out of their house when I was 14. I ended up living with my grandpa. This made me feel unwanted and even more lonely now that my parents gave up on me. I lived with my grandpa for about 9 months before he sent me back to my parents because he couldn't "afford" to keep me. I wasn't an asshole to my grandpa nor was I mean to him, I just was a teen who stayed up late and took long showers. My grandpa giving up on me was heartbreaking for me. I felt like no one wanted me and if I ended everything then everything would be better. I didn't even last a week at my parents house, they shipped me off to live with some family who lived in the rural country area instead of the city. I lived there for maybe 4 months and finished my freshmen year of high school there. I didn't feel welcomed anywhere I went and for the most part I felt more beyond alone. Majority of the time at my uncle's I was in my room, alone and desperate for a friend. After 4 lonely months of really being alone I was given back to my parents again. After coming home broken I learned to keep to myself. No one wanted me and no one cared. 

When I got back home I was sent to an all boy high school. Once again I had to go to a new school and try to fit in somehow. I was lonely for a while until I met this girl. I'm afraid to write her name incase she ever reads this and it hurts reading/writing it but I need to get this off my chest. I met this beautiful girl named Cindy at a school function. She went to the all girl school down a couple streets. Both all gender schools would make events for each other to get students that social interaction. Anyways I meet this beautiful girl named Cindy, she was nice to me and I was nice to her. We dated for over a year and while it lasted it was nice. The way she broke up with me literally broke me. I was having a really sad day and told her about how I struggle with really bad depression and that I have suicidal thoughts. Her response was "oh" and she slowly stopped talking to me. Eventually she stopped talking to me and when she did talk to me she made excuses about not having time to talk to me. She was my only friend, the only person I was close to. She couldn't be there for me when I needed her most, when I needed a friend most. So I stayed alone thinking maybe school was too much for her at the moment. Then one day I get on Facebook only to see her on it, I clicked on her page and saw that she had been on hanging out with friends and having the time of her life. She slowly broke me, I couldn't handle it and called her to confront her about it. She made excuses and talked about how she didnt have time for me at the moment, so she hung up and left it alone. I was reaching my breaking point, I was going to commit suicide. I sent her a text message talking about how I needed her to talk to me and be a friend because I was getting worst. She never responded to me however she did get in contact with my school to let them know what I was dealing with. 

I was so embarrassed that she did this to me, I felt betrayed and hurt that she made me the schools problem instead of hers. It hurt ne so bad. I was embarrassed that the school knew, I was embarrassed that my parents knew now. I wanted to kill myself more than ever now. I was so hurt by this and was angry at Cindy. I went home and tried stabbing myself. My mom went in my room to talk to me, just so happened at that moment I had a kitchen knife in my hand to stab myself. My mon fought me over it and sent me to a psychiatric hospital. I stayed there until December 23rd. At the hospital I tried killing myself twice. First time was when the guards/residents give you cracks, I ate the crackers but stuffed the wrapper down my throat. One if the residents heard me making choking nosies and came in to save me. Second time was when I started swallowing my food instead of chewing on it to choke me out again. They put me on these medications that didn't help but I acted like they did so I can go home. I was alone again, Cindy stopped talking to me. It broke my heart and broke me. 

It's been 4 years since Cindy and I'm not over it. It still kills me about what happened. I'm still depressed and suicidal. I honestly wish I did kill myself when I had the courage to do so. There hasn't been much for me other than pain. I haven't moved on and I haven't gotten over everything. This was my deepest darkest moment in my life so far. I wish I could say things got better for me since all of that but true is they haven't. I'm still the same lonely person I've always felt I've been for the longest time. I've tried dating in college and I've never had feelings for anyone. Don't have many friends and don't have any real reasons to be here still. I'm just waiting on that one thing to break me down to give me courage. 

If you read this thank you. Im sorry I made you read a lot and I'm sorry that I'm this way. I'll get better one day but not soon. 