Well I'm getting ready to go back to school so I'm trying to get sober for a while and see i can clear my head. So far I've been sober for about days and i must say I'm not feeling any better. Some of the problem is probably zyrtec which I'm taking for my allergies but really i just feel really irritable and confused. i can't really think too well and it's making me want to drink. Drinking slows down my mind somewhat so i can focus on things in my head. Normally its not till the next day after a good night of drinking that i feel good for most of the next day. i am more talkative and can come up with things much easier. There are people who use Prozac and other anti-depressant drugs not because they want it but because it makes them feel even better than they normally do. This is somewhat my issue with alcohol however i don't fell good normally i feel like s**t normally. i guess i should let u in on what is really bothering me. First ill just list the problems i have i find most worrying. Night blindness "fuzzy vision" bad sinus pressure moderate fatigue all the time short term memory problems random aches and pains major depression, anxiety, and ocd bad allergies acid reflux. To be honest most scary one is night blindness. Trying to explain is pretty difficult but ill try. It's like being able to see all the cons and rods and your eye flash on and off constantly kind of like a bad channel on a TV screen. I've had it for years now with no one who can really give me straight answer about it. i went to my doctor recently and got up the nerve to tell him but thought he gave me some good info he probably thought i was mad. Anyway one of the first things your body will do when it's over exerted is give u fuzzy vision. Now normally night blindness is caused be a vitamin A deficiency. Maybe there is something wrong with my stomach that is making me feel the way i am and i did have kidney stone when i was 2 which is very rare. i know this is a lot of information but this is what i deal with on a "daily" basis. My daily routine is almost exactly the same except on weekends when i do go out and drink with my friends. my will is low and energy just as low so i find myself kind of in and out of this trance that is supposed to be life. Each day i go to work, come home, eat, and up to my room for pretty much the rest of the night. don't get me wrong i do other things during the week sometimes but i feel most comfortable by myself in my room as opposed to human contact which sucks. So if i have to drink to keep from going over the deep end then i will do so until i get some real answers. If anyone has any answers I'm all ears.