I'm just so fucking lonely and I'm tired of pretending I'm fine
Fair warning I'm about to just spill out everything I have bottled up into this post

I'm so tired of being alone I can't bare it anymore. My depression and anxiety is slowly killing me. I'm a 23 year old male, trying to restart my adult life in college after many failed attempts at succeeding anywhere else. I work and I go to school, I see hundreds of smiling and happy faces, and I feel like I'm not even really there with them. Like a one way mirror where I see them but I'm never seen.

I have no friends. I used to be a part of rather large group of friends, but as of now I couldn't tell you the last time I talked to any of those people. They've either moved on and some of them are no longer on this earth. I have acquaintances with people at work, but they have their own life to live and when it's time to clock out, again I am left to go home alone and broken. The only person I "have" is my mother, and she tends to make matters worse when I try to open.

I'm also desperately single. I haven't been in a relationship, let alone just dated someone, in years. And it's soul crushing. I see all these happy couples around campus, beautiful men and women, having the time of their lives with each other. And I'm so fucking jealous man. I want that happiness so desperately bad. I want to love someone, I want to FEEL loved! I want someone to help me through days like today, and to be there for them when they have those days. I want the cheesy shit like cuddling and laughing over stupid stuff. I want the inevitable times where we're pissed at each other about something, but we work through it and end up going crawling up next to each other in bed at the end of the night, and wake up to see each other to start the day. I'm tired of waking up to this massive empty bed, cold and alone.

But most of all, I'm tired of pretending. Of having to pretend. To wear this mask every single fucking day of my life just to pretend to be normal. Just so my coworkers won't think I'm weird. Just so my mom won't go off about how I just need to get my shit together. Just so I can hold up the chance that one day I'll be able to overcome my massive wall of social anxiety and try to talk to someone, make a friend, maybe meet a girl. 

All in all I'm tired of pretending I'm happy, that I'm fine. BECAUSE IM NOT FUCKING FINE! I'm not happy, I'm slowly dying over here and I can't take this shit anymore. I desperately want to change. I desperately want to live a "normal" life, and I just keep sinking further and further down while everyone else passes me by.

I guess my rant is over. Thanks for reading if you made it this far.