Hello everyone. My name is Amy. I discovered this page just by searching on the internet for depression forums. One good thing about me, I believe, is that I'm very mature for my age. I am seventeen, and really hope everyone here is open-minded to age being just a number. So please, do not reply telling me I will have it better later on, or my problems are because of my age. I know there is a possibility that things will get better, and believe me, I really do not think this has to do with teenage hormones. I have read about many middle aged women and men with the same problems. I understand that I am a very negative person, most likely due to depression. I am very irritable, only maybe once a week I am happy for most of the day. I also know that I have never really been happy. I have never been optimistic, and have always been sensitive, emotional, and not very confident. At the moment I do not have any friends. I haven't really had any friends for a few years now. Once every few months or so I'll go out, and then just want to leave within a couple of hours. It's very stressful to me. And when I do want to leave, I just tell myself I have a problem, because everyone else I know seems to get along with people just fine. I am also like this with jobs. I go in and out of jobs. One time I even faked a family emergency just to leave work...and I was crying about it. If one thing goes wrong for me, if I smile at someone and they don't smile back, if I feel insecure in any way, my first reaction is to flee. I also, for the most part of my life have always been in a relationship. My boyfriend as of right now and I have been together for over a year. Both of us cheated on each other in the beginning of our relationship, which might be the cause of our jealousy problems now(mostly mine). But, before this relationship, I also had the same problem. I never felt good enough, I believe I will never feel pretty enough. I have big issues with porn, and basically every little thing you can think of. Recently I've been reading about depression and anxiety. I feel the more I understand how and that it is a part of me, the worse I feel about myself. And the more insecure I feel. I feel like I am not fun to be around since I am irritable and sad most of the time. I feel like my boyfriend will find someone who has more of the good qualities. I feel that I will never satisfy or make my parents proud, since I keep leaving jobs. They tell me I'm just lazy. I have quit every single thing in my life that I've tried since I was young. But I really think it's because of my mental state. Going out in public is terrifying, because I don't want to feel bad, ugly, unfun, or not funny. I fear social situations, because I am horrible at making conversation. I've been considering therapy and depression/anxiety pills, but my mom tells me people who take them basically just don't feel anything at all. And I am also afraid to see a doctor and share my feelings. I feel like I have no one to talk to. My dad and I have never had a good relationship, we maybe say two words to each other a day. We have had kind of a bad past, and maybe that's the reason for our lack of communication. My boyfriend doesn't really know how to talk about important or emotional things, unless they have to do with him. I feel like every time I cry I push him farther away from me, and feel I have to hide everything because me being depressed is a turn off to him.  I don't know. I guess we all have to vent somewhere, and to know that there is a place where people feel the same is a great thing to me.  I wish there was an easy way to feel good about myself, and just be happy for once. But I suppose these things take time and a lot of effort. I'm sure I left some things out, but this is all I want to throw at you all for now. Thank you for listening. 