42 year old male newbie, just discovering that I suffer from depression. While there has been evidence all throughout my life, and while I have family members that have suffered from depression (grandmother committed suicide), I for some reason am just figuring out now that I suffer from the disease. My questions for those much more experienced and knowledgeable on the forum. 1. How would you go about your initial steps of diagnosis and treatment? I currently do not have med insurance, so cost is certainly an issue (we should have medical insurance in place in about a month, as part of my wife's new employer package). 2. I take a healthy dose of vitamins daily, including proteins such as L-Tyrosine, which helps me feel really good when I'm not under the effects of depression. Does anyone on the forum have experience with L-Tyrosine and its impact on their feelings of depression? I understand that the amino acids help with the production of dopamine and helps with brain function. Any comments? A little background: I am just coming off a very successful 4 year period where I started a complicated new business and got married again. However, during these last few months I have been unable to work at my previous pace, putting my business in real jeopardy. In fact, there are only a couple of days per week where I seem to be able to work, and typically only a few hours at a time during those days. When I do work I get exhausted quickly. Today, I had a major conference call that required some preparation. I was very up during the call, but then collapsed afterward in complete exhaustion. Seems to be the story for me recently, I can psych myself up for short bursts of performance, then I quickly decline again in an inability to concentrate on anything other than light web surfing. I continue to get up early and exercise daily. I live a healthy lifestyle, eat well, and walk 5+ miles every morning. I sleep regular hours, however, will sleep a few hours during the day during my 'down' days.  Looking back at my past, I am now clearly seeing times in my life where my performance level went down drastically, or where I had problems with relationships. At the time, I didn't realize anything was going on, or I simply didn't understand it. I can now go recall having real problems with my grades during my freshman year of high school. At the time, I recall saying to myself that I couldn't understand why I was performing so badly. It was as it something was holding me back and I could not overcome it. At the time, I just kept studying and working harder, but I was unsuccessful. Eventually, I got through it and my grades went back to normal. But all of these years I never really understood what happened in that freshman year, until now. In summary, there have been many other times in my life where things have fallen apart and I have not understood why. My past is littered by successful businesses that I have created and then have eventually failed, usually by my inability to maintain my performance level. There has obviously been a pattern that I do not yet understand, but at least now I am beginning to see why there was a downturn. Thankfully, I have now met the women of every man's dreams. While she knows I am depressed I have not yet let her know the depths of my despair or of my recent understanding of my past behavior. The good news here is that I have great family support, but I am wrestling with how much to tell my wife about what is going on inside my head. She gets stressed easily and will worry deeply about me. I'm not sure I want to lay that all out on her. Anyone else find themselves in this dilemma? Well, thank you for giving me the opportunity to share and to join this forum.