I can absolutely relate to what you're going through. I understand how difficult it is adjusting to so many different personalities. Ten people in one apartment is overwhelming, to say the least. I used to live with four other girls who had diverse interests, and unfortunately we all kept to ourselves because of the different personalities. It was best that way. In your case, it seems like you're making as much effort as you can to be social. There's no need to go out on a limb to prove that you're not anti-social. When I had depression I really needed my space and the last thing I wanted to do was socialize with my roommates. Luckily, I am in my own apartment and have been living alone for three years now. It has helped enormously. I wonder if you can request a transfer to a bachelor suite where you can live by yourself. I did that in my 3rd year and the apartment manager put me on a waiting list, and I was able to get my own living space by November. Even though the moving was a hassle, I never regretted it. As for finding ways to spend time away from the noise of other people, I usually take the bus to visit a bookstore that is far away from campus. I go there every weekend to relax and read. It's away from campus life and it has helped me sort out my thoughts. The suggestions made by others such as the library, and a park are wonderful too. Maybe you can purchase a bus pass? I have depression and social anxiety, so it was difficult dealing with the university atmosphere on my own. I made only a couple of friends who have since moved on or graduated. I too saw a school counselor, but it was short-lived. What helped me, other than getting away from campus, was getting some online support from forums such as this one. I also kind of clung to one friend at a time, instead of many groups of people. I'd go to the movie theatre and watch something funny, or I'd take long walks. You're not alone. Hang in there and keep posting if you feel really down. I think this forum is very supportive and people will try to help you the best way they can.