My Mom shot herself.
Hi forum, I am going through alot right now and have no idea what to do. I will tell you the story, its a long one.. I hope you are willing to read.

I am 32 years old, I was very close to my mother.. We had a bond that was as strong as steel. My dad whom she was with since the age of 15 left her 11 years ago for another woman and found happiness. She had never been with any other man. I have an older sister that is 42 and we had different relationships. My mother was angry and could never get over my dad, year after year we would hear how much she hated him but still loved him, she would wish they could be one again. It never happened, she had been with no one and remained lonley for 11 years.
Her depression became her life, it was so bad we would stop talking to her because all she would talk about is killing herself and how she hated my dad. 10 years of it, She had little money and was very sick, She went from healthy to brittle in a matter of 10 years. Back surgery's, aching bones, depression, pain pain and more pain. It became up to me and my sister to take care of her, she couldn't drive so we always had to drive over to take her to the dr, groceries or to get things she needed, it became stressfull and we would somtimes bicker over it..even after the divorce my dad helped when he wanted to or could. 
She started thinking she was a burden.. then started lashing out on us at times, I went a whole year not speaking to her until she called me to apologize for her horrible words with me. I forgave her and we began a relationship again...this time it was amazing again, we got along and finally after 10 years she accepted my partner.
Long story short drama hit the fan again in early Nov this year. Things were said between her and my sister and they got me involved, I got upset with my mom and she was so hurt and thought that I thought she was a liar. My sister told me she said something about my son that she claimed she didn't. I didn't care after a while, I had plans with her on the day before thanksgiving to go see her.. on the 19th of NOV. She asked on the 19th if i could come hook up her VCR so she could watch A Christmas Story, I told her next weekend, then she later that night got upset again, she texted all of us the usual suicide talk. I had told her the day before that I didn't want anymore drama, if i went over with my family I didn't want to hear about my dad and sister. I just wanted to have a good time. She then texted me and a lot of other family that she loved me. that it wasn't my fault, she bought the gun... (I took her to get that gun for protection so I always told her if she did that I would feel to blame) She would say " SON I bought it! Dont feel to blame" I hated that! Still I never belived she would do it.. I was so bitter about her not wanting to be possitive I hadent called her. I ignored her suicide text and just decided to let her cool off.. 20th, 21st-29th we hadnt spoken.. I had a bad feeling but didnt know why.. she hadnt called.. so i figured she was angry with me.. I get a call from my aunt on my dads side who she was very close with.. "Is it true? The rumors about your mom?" I was picking up my kids from school.. I said "huh? what she say about me this time hahaha?" "Call your sister" she said.. I called and she told me to go home right away.. Then she said when getting home " Mom... mom... *cries*... Moms dead.. she killed herself" I said "dont say that" about 12 times breaking down more and more each time I repeated it.. I fell apart crying for who know how long... day one was hard, day two was harder, day 3 was numb and empty and I couldn't cry or sleep, day 4 I then hit a new horrible moment.. I found out she had been in her apartment dead since the 20th.. the complex lied and said no one heard anything and thats another story.. they are being sued soon.. her body was in there so long that we will not have an open casket this week in her funeral.. Then i went into her apartment to start gathering her things.. i smelled the death and decay.. I have never felt so sick and horrified in my life. I will never forget it.. i went to where she did it and saw the carpet cut out and her bed gone.. her place was left just like I last saw it.. it killed me..
I am now on day 6 and her ceremony is tomorrow in her home town.. Idk what to think or feel anymore.. my wife is trying to support me cause her mom died when she was 17 but i am changing.. She can see it, I dont want to run my company, I dont sleep, I have this numb feeling.. I cry out of no where.. I can not stop picturing her lifeless body, I cant stop thinking "was she in pain?" picturing her bleed out her exit wound for over a week.. I cry and can not stop.. I feel like dying.. I feel so empty and full of rage.. I wounder why she left me here..  I wish I could of took it back, I feel its my fault I should have went over or called.. My phone had got disconnected on the 19th but I had a home phone, she said "I wish you could talk to me on the phone I love you"... I hate myself so much I hate myself!! I just can only think how I could have saved her.. I miss my mom.. I miss her so much! I dont feel I can cope.. Im sorry for your loss... im so sorry... welp.. shes in a better place.. STFU!!! Im so angry.. I wish I was a better person I wish I would of took her serious .. I can only listen to her voice mails ranting and raving how much she loves me.. I can read her text after all the times we hung out and had fun... I got my mom back after a year of not talking for only 2 and a half months... 2 and a half months of my mom loving my partner, getting along with me and having positive moments.. I regret everything.. please help me..