It was Gavin and Janie's wedding last weekend and Rory came over on Wednesday evening in preparation. We spent Thursday afternoon trailing around Leeds trying to buy trousers because he claimed his current ones were too shiny for Best Man purposes. £ 70 later and he forgot to wear them on the day. I also had purposes in Leeds as I had agreed to speak to a woman from Radio 4 about my experiences with depression. We got in touch with each other through a poster in SHIP asking for people willing to talk about themselves and their problems. The lady was sensible, sympathetic, informed and, most importantly, Taking A Sensible Approach. It was a far better experience than my time talking to Kerrang! Radio. Anyway, my contribution will be part of a show about depression called Is It Normal?, one of a series of four half hour shows to be aired around August looking at a variety of health issues and the normalcy or lack-thereof of each of them. The evening's journey to Southport was described as turgid. The cumulative train journey time was two and half hours, but there was a half hour break in Manchester where we raided Sainsbury's for biscuits as well. There was a reasonable amount of wildlife to be seen from the windows - I spotted two foxes, three rabbits and incalculable numbers of horses, cows and sheep. We didn't get to our hotel until after 10pm, by which time we were too tired to care about the shabbiness of our surroundings. The bathroom had mould, there was sheets not a duvet (and a woolen blanket, which, of course, I'm allergic to), one thin pillow each, dirty windows and the hotel bar closed at 11pm. I drowned my sorrows in bourbon. The biscuits that is, not the drink. Friday started grey and windy but by lunchtime the weather had cleared up and it was a beautiful, sunny day. The trip to the golf course where the wedding was taking place (don't ask) took us through pretty roads with old houses and woods. We were some of the last to arrive which was quite good as there wasn't too much time to worry about the logistics or any problems which might be about to arise. The service was quite quick, civil ceremonies usually are. The room was decked with flowers and all the men were wearing purple flowers. Janie was wearing a purple suit and Gavin was in a coordinating shirt and tie. The photographs were taken outside near the putting green but we didn't get too many strange looks: I believe weddings are quite common there. Everyone lazed around for a while before we were called in to eat. I had been told that the club had said they were more than happy to ensure I had vegan food, so I was some what taken back when they presented me something very similar to lasagna, slathered in what was clearly bechamel sauce. Then they tried to tell me it had vegetarian cheese in it. We managed to reach a compromise of being cooked vegetables in sweet and sour sauce, which turned out to be far more appetizing than I was anticipating. For dessert they tried to feed me fruit salad. My idea of fruit salad is obviously far removed from theirs however, as my glass featured some black grapes (edible), a few slices of apple (inedible), some pineapple (ditto), some melon balls (acceptable but I had melon for a starter, and that had been unripe), some orange slices (don't get me started on oranges) and a few pieces of unidentifiable fruit. Where was the raspberries and strawberries? The banana, plum, Granny Smiths, green grapes? Wasn't impressed. Later, I was practically forced by Rory to eat some chocolate coated cake ("They cost £5 each! You need to eat it!") so on top of my own guilt, the lady who seemed to be coordinating all the food had the gall to try and tell me off for eating something which obviously wasn't vegan. What business was it of hers? We left early on Saturday morning, or what I perceive as early, at least. I wanted to stop off in Manchester to leave some posters advertising the Ladyfest All Dayer, but Rory refused, saying that he was too tired and his bags were too heavy. So we came straight home and I spent the afternoon sleeping. Afterwards we had pizza and discussed my weight problems. The solution was decided on to be no more pizza. And no more many things. I got weighed and it's far worse than I thought. We discussed the possibility of Slim Fast and diet pills, and my mum's offer of paying for liposuction. We agreed I should keep a food diary, stick to my exercise plan, cut back drastically on my calorie intake and if that doesn't make a successful impact, then to try the pills and Slim Fast, though I'd rather not have to eat that, it being full of milk. My mum said if I lose the weight I want to first then she'll pay for the remaining lumpy bits to be removed as a birthday present. Now I just need some self control again. On Monday we went to the end of year show at college. There was some wonderful things, though it seems that there have been less good exhibits every year since I started going. Are the students getting worse? Am I starting to be more critical of art? Or a combination? Rory went home afterwards and I was left alone again. Left to my food diary and my shit book (I'll Go To Bed At Noon - how it got short listed for the Booker I have no idea) and my self loathing. Bleugh. Two weeks to more hugs. Finally, it seems Jo Brand is wanting song suggestions for a compilation called Music to Drain Radiators To. Naturally...