Hi all... this is going to be a long post, but I'd really like some feedback on it... I'm kind of young, 17. I'm currently involved in a relationship (long distance) with a boy who's a year older than me, and I love him more than words can say. The thing is, though, I'm a very depressed person sometimes.  I don't know if I'm making this up or if I actually read this somewhere, but I'm what I've heard classified as a "seasonally" depressed person: I experience depression more during the winter months (December through February) than I do any other time of the year. I have a lot of family problems that compound to my depression as well. When I was 13, I moved halfway across the country and I never accepted living here. I'm a city-girl, but I moved to the country. I feel isolated and alone out here, and I don't have anyone to talk to. My mother told me to "buck up" and "get over it" when I went to her about my depression a couple of years ago. She's currently on medication for her own depression. My father has a crippled arm (which he gained when we moved here) and has some addiction problems, so I don't go to him.  I have a very hard time trusting people. My mother and father were both abused as children, and my mother verbally abuses me. Recently, starting in about December, I started wanting to hurt myself physically again. The urge faded, but the depression lingered. For a while I've been emulating my mother on my boyfriend--I keep taking out my own anger and my own depression on him. I'm afraid that if I keep up with this behavior, I'm going to lose my boyfriend to my own selfishness. A lot of the time I wish I could disappear. I don't like being seen by people and I like to be alone, but at the same time I feel isolated in my soul. I tried religion, but I can't bring myself to place my faith in something I can't see. I'm really afraid that my depression is going to cause me to lose the one thing I even care about at all anymore in the world. I don't know what to do. My parents won't help me, my teachers don't know how to deal with it, and I've been to depression forums like this before and they really helped. I guess all I'm looking for is someone to lean on while I get through the winter months. If anyone has any suggestions for a homebody (my parents don't allow me to leave the house after school is over), please let me know. Also keep in mind that I can't call people very easily with eavesdropping people in my house. Thanks. Sarina