I don’t want to be an adult anymore.
I’ve been struggling with my depression a lot lately and I really really wish I could turn to one of my parents to tell them how much I’m struggling. More importantly, I wish I could tell one of them and one of them cared.

I know I’m a decent disappointment to both of them for several reasons.

1) I haven’t had a decent job. I’ve been floating on jobs that get me less than five hours a week. 

2) I don’t have friends. Granted, that’s because my mother literally and intentionally isolated me so I have no social skills at all.

3) I have big dreams but zero motivation in life so I can’t even try to achieve them.

So what I’m trying to do is work on myself. 

Today I started a new (third, I now have three of these stupid things) job. I thought I did pretty good considering the store didn’t burn down and no one told me that I was a failure. But literally as soon as the sun set, I feel all my doubt and darkness telling that I’m lying to myself. That I’m being naive by thinking that I did well, that I was probably a huge burden to everyone else in the store. But I’m trying, so that has to count for something right? I went and got a third job on my own, so why don’t I feel like I should be proud of myself?

I have no friends. In fact, during 2017, I was so excited to have made a great friend and I was completely betrayed by them. The kind of betrayal where I walked away from a friendship and haven’t bothered reading the apologies they’ve sent me. I’ve tried reconnecting with friend that I had earlier in life, but I’m not doing so well. I feel like they will do something to me and then I’ll lose another friend. And logically, if I’m the only common factor in all my failed friendships, then I must be the problem, right? I must be the problem. I’m the problem. Maybe I’m not meant to have friends. 

And I’ve always had big dreams for myself. But because of how I was raised, I have no accountability. Because seriously, why bother trying if everything I do is going to be met with disapproval and anger? So I’ve been trying really hard to make myself follow at least one goal. I chose to go for my art. Problem being that with my depression crashing on me in waves, I’m really struggling to stick to my goal of one art post a day. I’m trying really hard but I’m so afraid that I’ll be the failure I was taught to be.



In all of this, I just really really wish I could quit trying to be an adult and go back to the days when I believed my mom when she said she loved me, I want to go back to when my dad wanted to help me talk things out so I could figure out what I was doing. I want to be able to call my mom up and tell her that I feel like a complete failure and that I can’t add to see my therapist and that I need help talking the darkness down. But if I call her, she’ll one-up me because I’m the biggest mistake of her life. Or worse, she’ll tell me that I should try (fill in the blank with whatever bs Facebook depression fix is trending). I want to be able to call my mom and say hey, I got another job and I’m excited. I want her to tell me that she’s proud of me. 

I really want to have a conversation with my dad that doesn’t involve the phrase “well get over it”. ‘Hey dad, I’m full of regret and turmoil’ ‘ugh just get over it’ well excuse me sir for being by the reality that I just pulled a mulan and cut all my hair off so that I could get another job. I went from having shoulder length hair that made me feel good about myself to hair that’s half an inch long and highlights everything about my face that gives me horrible anxiety. Maybe I’m really hurting because I went in to work yesterday and two of my managers greeted me with ‘ew gross, what happened to your hair?’ And now I feel like I’m as ugly as I think I am.

I really miss being a kid when I could pretend that my world wasn’t on fire or that I wasn’t drowning.

And I don’t know how to make any of the darkness back up so that I can breathe.

I really wish that I could see my therapist this week. 