Alright, I've been here before, to this site and this depressed on life.  I have experience that would get any person out of depression and live a pretty well rounded life.  Only to be honest I sometimes choose i think to be down and out all the time.  I was in recovery from a drug problem for 2 years and i developed a relationship with a Higher Power that really really helped with my depression / anxieties / addictions.  So it would be insane for someone who knows the solution to not use it right?  Well i've heard it said before, that once someone who had great faith loses it it makes it  more difficult for that person to find hope or faith, so that's where i've been the past 2 1/2 months, hopeless. 

   I tried Heroin after 2 years clean.  Looking for something to shut my mind up and find some comfortable peace due to my increasing loneliness and depression.  I only got real sick for about the two weeks i was on it and lost a job and apartment.  Then i moved back with my mom who has deep anger at my dad and life i guess who is with a man that is using her in my opinion, he's in a halfway house and just lays on her couch all day.   And my dad has deep depression / bipolar on every medication you could think of and lives with his mom who only talks about "the divorce" and how "i should have did this different" So really if i look at it long enough and deep enough they're alive but dead in a healthy emotional, spiritual, mental level, so where's the encouragement or love i so long needed as a younger person, and even most importantly i need some guidance now, instead of being ashamed of who they are.

I just need to vent.  I'm 22 i just started college last week and i am extremely anxious when there, I feel as though i wear a suit, outfit, costume of misery, fear, depression, THE VOID.  So it drives others away, plus i am ashamed of being a depressive / anxious dude so keeping others away is my aim.  I mean i'm 22 i should be getting laid and having fun right?!  Man i feel so old but so immature emotionally.  I talked to a friend of mine that is at Yale in Connecticut last night who has always been a good natured, smart, artistic guy, and a person who experiences depression but doesn't let it get the best of him, and he said to not dwell in the negative like i've always done, find something through out the day that is positive, a girl smiles at you, a song whatever.  MAN, I can't just turn my mind off from negative thoughts of me and others.   
