I really need some advice *trigger warning*
*trigger warning*

Hi everyone. I'm sorry if I'm doing this wrong. This is my first time visiting this subreddit, and so I don't know what's generally expected or done on here. Let me just get into this. 

I'm 22 and I've never experienced depression. I'm a Psychology major and I've taken classes over the topic, but I know reading about it can only give me so much insight. The reason I'm posting on here is because I have a 12 year old cousin who tried cutting herself the other day. She's depressed, says she wants to die, and I am so, so worried about her. She lives a few hours from me and is being watched closely right now, but I plan on going out to visit her this weekend. 

To be honest, she has a horrible living situation. My aunt (her mom) is awful. To my aunt, every problem can be solved by God, she's financially fucked and letting it out on my cousins, and she's extremely dismissive of my cousins feelings, needs, and emotions. It also doesn't help that my cousin is adopted, and I know she just feels detached from her own family. 

Anyways, I know that there's no such thing as simply getting your advice on how to fix my cousins depression. I know how complex of an issue this is. What I want to know from you all is if there is anything I can do this weekend to just show her that things can get better. My little cousin has always looked up to me, and I plan on taking her out to do some of the things that she always wants to do (like go to the park, make slime, whatever 12 year olds like). But is there anything extra I can do? Is there anything that you all wish someone told you? Or maybe even something you wish they didn't? 

I would really appreciate any tips or advice you all have for me this weekend. I know my cousin has a very long road ahead of her, but I want to do anything I can to make it easier. Thank you. 

tl;dr my 12 year old cousin is depressed and attempting to hurt herself. I'm going to visit her this weekend. Is there anything I can do (or shouldn't do), that might at least show her that things can get better. 