It feels as if I'm heading towards a dark place
Hey, haven't been here before but I had a quick scroll and this feels like the right sub to vent to. I'm 18 from the UK, I've had a rough educational life (I alway talked, went in high with my friends, got in minor trouble that kinda thing). I fucked up college in the second year of my 2 year diploma course and got excluded for the same kind of shit previously mentioned but on a larger scale, this really fucked me up as I thought I'd end up doing nothing with my life when I really wanted to do something with it. 10 weeks ago I got a job and a paid for graduates course which pays out over £1100 per month after tax which is incredible for me, it's a job I love, work hard at and it's exactly the path I want to take in life career-wise. So I've been given a second start, I have money, great friends, a good social life and my life is on track but I still can't quite feel complete. I'm very social anxious and this affects my everyday life but I push through it, I have to. I smoke week almost everyday and I've been smoking for about 5 years now. The problem is, I still have a void that I can't fill and I can never really feel that happy by myself. I love my metal and I'm a huge music fan, I used to play a lot of games but I've stopped caring so much now. Sometimes I find it hard to enjoy things as much as I used to. I feel exhausted at home as I don't sleep much and the anxiety takes it out of me until I walk through the door. It feels as if it's getting worse and I don't know what to do and I don't even know why I feel this way. Sometimes it can get quite bad where I won't even feel like doing anything but pulling bongs with the TV on in the background as the day is just too much to handle sometimes. 

Sry for the huge wall of text but I'm trying to get this typed quick as I'm about to go out. I don't even know why I'm posting this really, I want to vent, maybe I want advise. I don't know, the fact that I'm even posting this means it's starting to get to me in some way. 