Falling for someone you have no chance to be with
Warning: Super long read

Have you ever fallen for someone that you know you have absolutely no chance with?

It’s been 4 years since I’ve fallen for a girl back in college, which ended up in heartbreak and depression because she already found someone else. I’ve lost all motivations and my passion for arts (I’m an art student), failed my thesis which sent me into another dark place, ’friends’ were not even there to help me get up, and for the remaining years I had in college, the thing that kept me going are my parents, I just wanted to survive for them. I’ve lost all emotions, the flame that was once burning in my heart, the excitement I had when I was a freshman. I graduated college 7 months ago and found work not related to the course I took up, it felt really low, but I just wanted to survive. Training for work now, didn’t want to make friends again, had one, but he didn’t liked the people so he left in a few weeks, the only thing in my mind was to focus and be better for this job to survive. Avoided lunch and hanging out with workmates, and didn’t really reveal much about myself aside from having a mundane life. The trainers were aware of my introversion and decided to have random sitting arrangements every week so we could get to know our workmates more, and I could get to talk about other stuff aside from work. 3 weeks in training and still, I didn’t made any connections, I only help out my workmates professionally, point out mistakes and the next step they should take.

I get to be sit mates with the liveliest girl in training, playful and have a contagious ’happy’ aura(?). There were also a few talks and laughs about work related stuff, but I didn’t really made efforts to start it, she was always the one that engages first (and that’s because she’s an extrovert and does this to everyone anyways). Being around her, hearing her voice, seeing her smile felt something, it felt like the flame that I lost 4 years ago came back. But, what made me fell the most is that she’s intelligent as well and speaks in English flawlessly (I live in a country outside US). I can also relate to her because she suffers from clinical depression and requires therapy sessions every now and then (everyone in training knows this anyways because she told the class from the get-go). I didn’t really asked her out for lunch or coffee, I really wanted to so I could get to know her better and be friends with her, be her guide in her darkest days, but my introversion and over thinking always gets the best of me.

There were only a few times she joined me and my friend during a coffee break where I found out a few things about her. There were times that I see the sadness beyond her smile, and times where her depression was clearly visible and affected me greatly. I always think about scenarios - if the conditions were right - where I get to talk with her and lend a helping hand, at the end of the day they only remain as thoughts. I know she doesn’t think about me like how I think about her. Every time our shift ends, I leave the office quickly and ignore the feelings I have for her, my mind is at a constant battle on whether or not to ask her for lunch, ask her if she’s ok. It’s even worse at night, whenever I see her late night tweets about her depression, a part of me just wants to be there for her, and the other part gives me the realization of how pathetic I am and that I don’t deserve her. I know that she had an ex-bf that broke her heart, and currently has a gf (she’s bi). Yet, she still gives me inspiration in every photo I take. I really don’t know what is wrong with me, I’m being tormented by my own mind and I still like it. Knowing that she already has someone in her heart, yet still seeing her depressed at times (and looking at her tweets), really makes me want to step up and do something, but held back by my own tormented soul.

Next week would be the last week in training, after that we’re going to get split up into teams and do actual work, but still go back to class to share our experience and reflect upon them. One could only hope for a miracle that I gain the strength and courage to talk to her more and be a part of her life. I really hate this feeling, yet this pain fuels my passion even more.