Check-In Post, with some info about contacting the moderators
Welcome to /r/depression's check-in post - a place to take a moment and share what is going on and how you are doing. If you have an accomplishment you want to talk about (these shouldn't be standalone posts in the sub as they violate the "role model" rule, but are welcome here), or are having a tough time but prefer not to make your own post, this is a place you can share.

We try our best to keep this space as safe and supportive as possible on reddit's wide-open anonymity-friendly platform. The community rules can be found in the sidebar. If you aren't sure about a rule, please ask us. If you have concerns or questions about the community policies, this is a good place to raise those as well. 

***

Hey everyone.  Sorry about letting the previous check-in post get archived. 

But I got messages in my personal inbox about the previous post expiring, and that isn't the best practice for several reasons.  It's not exactly appropriate (like going to someone's house, uninvited, instead of their office) and makes extra work for us (because we then have to keep the rest of the mod team in the loop).  Most importantly, there is no guarantee that any individual moderator will read their personal messages in a timely fashion or even be online at any given time, so it can delay action on your questions or concerns.  

The only way you should contact the moderators of any subreddit (unless explicitly advised otherwise) is via modmail, i.e. the "message the moderators" links you see in the community info in the sidebars.  If you're using an app or client that doesn't offer you an option to message the moderators, you can always send a modmail by putting the name of the subreddit, e.g. /r/depression, in the To box.  

We know that reddit does a pretty terrible job of making it obvious that modmail is a thing, especially for mobile users, so we don't blame anyone who doesn't know about modmail.  But we want you to be aware since it will help you if you ever have an issue where you need us, especially if you need us urgently.   

Thanks!