Having a really bad stretch of days..
Hi all,

I know this sub moves kinda fast but I just wanted to vent, hopefully some of you read this..

So my story is that I've had depression and social anxiety for about 15 years or so (at least that's when I recall starting to feel "off".. I'm 29 now).. Because of my poor decision to bottle things up and accept that I'm unhappy I put off seeking help until about a month or two ago in which I started going to therapy. It had taken a rather bad mental fallout that occurred in early December for me to finally reach out for help.

In my sessions we've been working on techniques to combat both my SA and depression, these include going to places alone such as coffee shops, yoga classes, shopping malls, etc. (Keep in mind I have "functioning" social anxiety where I can physically be around people but I'm extremely uncomfortable the entire time and have a very difficult time interacting with people).. The thought process being that my depression stems from loneliness and my SA contributes to that.. It's been a big step for me to try and go out on my own, but I've been doing it almost every day even though it doesn't seem to be creating any improvement.

Unfortunately the last few days have been incredibly difficult, I'm getting a very sick feeling of hopelessness and worry that my life is now just constantly shuffling around desperately trying to find something in the world that will "fix" me. I tried to sit at home last night to give myself a break and I couldn't even do that, I started becoming consumed by those bad thoughts and began having a panic attack.. So I decided to just go drive aimlessly even though we were in the middle of a snow storm..

I feel miserable again today and I'm just running out of steam to keep going, I really don't know what to do anymore.. I'm exhausted from constantly forcing myself into uncomfortable public situations but at the same time my home feels like a prison.. I have nobody to talk to or gain support from anymore, the couple of friends that I have all have their own lives with wives and kids and my family has been out of my life for 10 years and for good reason.. I know nobody has answers as to what I should do but I just needed to rant
