I think I ruined another friendship
TL;DR: Made a wonderful friend, had a depressive episode, and ruined the friendship by trying to force my problems on her. Just like I've done a million time before.

I've had depression my whole life and I've always gone through episodes. Sometimes they're mild, and I'm just generally down for a few days, sometimes they debilitating and I can barely get out of bed for weeks. I've also never had a lot of friends. I don't have casual relationships. I either don't really think of you a friend, or I love you with every part of my heart. There's no middle ground.

I've been building a friendship with a great girl from work (call her Amy) for a few months. It doesn't seem like anything romantic is gonna come from it, but it was nice to have a friend I could do stuff with. We went hiking, rock climbing, we even went on a scuba trip to the Caribbean together. I'd opened up to her about my depression and she seemed really understanding. She actually seemed to appreciate how open and communicative I was about it.

The day before the Super Bowl, I felt an episode coming on. It wasn't severe, but it made me fragile. I'm a big Patriots fan, so when the Pats lost, it set me up for a bad episode. If I'd just been sad about the Patriots Monday and let myself heal like I usually do when my teams lose, everything would have been fine, but instead I started to blow my friendship.

I texted Amy Tuesday that I was feeling down and I'd like to see her. I made a big deal about how I wasn't crying about the Pats, but I was having an episode. It seemed important to me to point that out for some reason. She said someone was visiting from our India office and had a ton of work for her, but she would try to come over after. She worked until 930 that night and never made it.

Wednesday I left work at 10am because I was too down to stay. I was texting her the same stuff throughout the day, how I was sad and I wanted to see her. She worked until 930 again and didn't come, but this time she had never promised to. I texted her this big apology about how I've been a shitty friend and I'm sorry for forcing my problems on her. At work Thursday she told me to stop apologizing for everything. I told her I would try to stop.

Friday just felt different. She was less talkative with me than usual. She brought me cookies she made, and I thought that might be a sign that things were getting better, but after work I asked her if she had plans that weekend, and her answer was simply "yes". I said have fun and left. Normally she would have at least told me she a general idea of what she was doing.

I talked to my roommate/best friend (Samantha) about it Friday night. We agreed I needed to just leave Amy alone for the weekend, so I texted her and said if she found any free time I'd love to see her and then I didn't contact her again until yesterday at work.

Yesterday some things happened that really made me feel like things were ending. First, we had talked about planning a trip President's day weekend, but she had a surgery and she didn't want to plan anything until it was done (that's a whole other thing that's bothering me). When I asked her yesterday, she said she thought President's day was in March and she promised to see her brother this weekend, so "we'll see". She also told me she likes working late and going to the gym at like 930. Apparently she's been working 12 hour days for the past week. The gym part hurt because one of my favorite things to do with her was work out, and now I've lost my gym buddy.

I've had a lot of friendships go this way in the past. Speaking a little immodestly here, but when I'm not depressed, I'm funny, energetic, and interesting, and generally a fun person to be around. I've had lots of people enter my life, meet that me, like him, then after a few months meet the depressed side of me and just nope the fuck out. 

Amy first met the depressed me a few months ago and she didn't run away. I thought she could be a big part of my support network moving forward. But I'm worried that I just tried to put too much on her. Like I've done a million times before.

The worst part is she sits right next to me at work. She's leaving next month to hike the Appalachian Trail, but until then, if I really did blow this, then I have to sit next to her every day for a month. I don't know if I can handle that.

Anyway, thanks for listening to me whine about my problems.