A letter to a person I let down
To The Person I Miss The Most,

Happy birthday man, I miss you and I’m sorry. It feels like so much time has gone by that any attempt at reconciliation would do more harm than anything else at this point. We used to have so much fun, but nostalgia only makes everyone feel worse, and more often than not leads to poor choices. It’s a sweet substance, like sugar, just with a punch in the gut to remind you that you can’t ever go back to something you once valued so highly. 
	
It’s been a year and a couple months since we’ve talked, and there’s rarely a day where you don’t cross my mind. I’m not saying that’s healthy, because it sure as hell isn’t, but who cares anyways.
	
I wasn’t good for you, you were too good for me, we crashed and burned and I loved every second of it. Was it worth it? Maybe. Does that matter? Not in the slightest.

Now I just sit alone in the dark writing you letters that I know you’ll never fuckin’ read, pretending in my head that there’s some fucking way that i can salvage the situation. It’s like watching someone stand at the bottom of the pool drowning, when all they have to do is swim to the surface.

I’m cold, and tired, wasting time and throwing away opportunities left and right because i have no idea what I’m doing, and I know that you’re doing well, that makes me happy. You deserve to succeed. 
	
You’ve been to hell and back, and I might as well have been the chauffeur for a good portion of it. 

I loved you, I don’t think I do anymore, but I know I did. I thought about comparing how I felt about you with a bunch of shitty metaphors but let’s be honest, that isn’t our style. We’d probably laugh at how cheesy it was and how stupid this whole situation is and then we’d pull out our guitars and write a beautiful sad duet and I’d be out of tune while you hit every note perfectly. But you wouldn’t critique me, that’s just the way you are. 

Too kind, and sweet, too good to everyone you came across even though you knew there was a pretty good chance that they’d never return the favor. And man I really tried to, all those times we walked around talking about how much we wanted to die and how sad we were, but the whole thing was build on the back of our own loneliness and sadness. 

But that’s the past. Nostalgia is bullshit, but I have to indulge once in awhile just to feel something, I’m sure you remember that.
Here’s to better times ahead, and a letter left unread.
Sincerely,
Your Old Best Friend
