A song of fire and ice
Hey everyone. I'm on mobile so pardon my typos which will happen. I'd like to take this time to thank anyone who reads this as well as giving a shout out to anyone currently struggling with depression. I have a long history with Type 1 Bipolar Disorder. Although that isn't necessarily depression in itself patients who are Bipolar are bound to eventually oscillate into that emotional polarity.


To give a quick summary here is what happened to me: I grew up incredibly wealthy. My Father was an ex alcoholic. My Mother died when I was 13 and my Father went back to drinking to cope with the loss of his wife (my Mother). My Father became suicidal and threw everything we had away. We went bankrupt and I went to live with my Brother across the country.


My Brothers wife left him shortly after I moved in. He became suicidal as well, ended up hospitalized. I moved back across the country again to live with my then pseudo homeless Father.


One day my Father shows up to my school drunk, gets arrested, I am taken in by the state and put into foster care. I end up living with an incredibly poor hispanic family and eat almost nothing everyday. I have no bed. I sleep on the floor. 


The state then places me in an incredibly religious home where i essentially become a slave and i cook and clean nonstop for an extremely wealthy catholic couple. They don't like me Because I liked hard rock. 


My third stay I end up living in a small apartment with a woman who was good at hiding her side prostitution gig and methamphetamine addiction.


After all the years my Father gets his life back under control. He begins dating a wealthy woman who isn't a fan of me. He takes prolonged stays at her home about 40 miles away. He would visit the house to restock it with food, pay the bills, then leave again. During this time i saw my Father maybe 15 times a year. Each encounter was brief and lasted less than 30 minutes.


During this I still went to school, cooked, did my laundry, and did kind of normal kid stuff.


The point of this story is I am an adult now who is married. I am a software engineer. I am financially stable. Regardless of how dark it gets it is possible to make it out on top. You have to focus and be strong. Do whatever you need to do to survive.


If anyone has any questions or would like to chat, need advice, whatever please let me know. I currently do volunteer work to aid people who suffer from Bipolar Disorder as well as others like ADHD or OCD. I also, accidentally, mentor Fatherless children on Xbox Live (strange, I know).


Its not easy out there and world and parents sometimes forget how hard it is being a teen. No judgement. I hope everyone has a good night (or day, depending where you're at).