I have had borderline personality disorder since I was a little kid. Although then the therapist said it was Bipolar Disorder and ADHD. Since then I have been on pretty much every medication you can imagine and even sent to a temporary mental hospital. It isn't until now that I self diagnosed myself with BPD. I don't even think my doctor really thinks I have that although considering all the research I have done I fit the description perfectly. Since the age of 13 I was being self destructive by slamming my head in the was during times of stress. The first time I starting cutting was when I was 21. This was after an ex boyfriend left me. We had only been dating for 3 months. Sad huh. This went on sporadically for about a year and a half (during that time I committed myself). Finally I started dating my next boyfriend. He told me if I didn't stop cutting he would leave me. I stopped. We dated 2 years and then broke up. I am now 27 and married to another man who is 12 years older than me. We have been married almost a year (together for 3.5 years) and about 3 months ago I started cutting again. This time it is 3 times worse and I can't seem to stop. I am covered in scars and I have even gone as far as cutting the inside of my wrist. I am currently on Wellbutrin which does seem to be working (I do have a lot of good days). Although since I started to become depressed again I have been having a hard time dealing with the fact that my husband has a son. It didn't bother me as much (just a little) before because I did my best to stay busy. Since I got married I lost all my friends and now spend every other weekend alone. Mostly in bed. I never had to play mom before so I never thought I would ever be in the position to, so I just stayed out of the way. Plus, his son doesn't like me being around. Which makes me feel worse. In my state of mind I can't deal with that. My alone time is when I cut the most. My husband and I are in therapy, my therapist wants us to work. I am not so sure I can stay with him. Although I am having a hard time leaving. I am just so tired of feeling so alone all the time and he is just not capable of being there for me. This puts extra stress on him and I don't want that. Plus, it is my fault I married him, I knew he had a kid. I guess I didn't know I would get bad again. Last week we talked about me leaving. He ran upstairs and cried (he said he will fight for me) I went straight for the exacto knife. I had suicide in mind although I see myself as a wimp in that area which makes me feel even worse about myself. I cut 5 times on the inside of my wrist but I guess not deep enough. He came down and found me. My antidepressants work almost 80% of the time but whenever I think of losing my husband I get sad and hopeless. Every time I think of staying with him and feeling the way I do all the time I get sad and hopeless. I feel cornered. Cutting make it all feel better, suicide sounds comforting. If anyone can relate or has any good advice I am welcome to it.