Feeling trapped in my head
First off I'm Autistic, I'm studying at Oxford I'm struggling to remember anything, like anything at all, people, faces, dates, facts, etc. I'm feeling more and more alone because I don't feel like I have anything good to think about. I have a girlfriend, she's in the forces and has a lot of structure and meaning to her life and I like that but I see my life as completely pointless.  

So about a year I was cycling in the dark and I was hit by a car, I flew over the bonnet and hit my head. I was out for about half an hour, till I regained conscience in the back of an ambulance, and the crews were cutting off my clothes and pumping me full of morphine. Before this accident I had a very good memory, and my parent would say I could talk about anything that had happened from when I was a child. I was having some weird relationships at the time with different people, and I only came out to them after I was in hospital for a month after the accident, I didn't want to say anything because I didn't want to worry them. I valued their feeling more over my own life, and I still do that now with other people. 

Things started to crash after the accident, I lost people really good friends and I knew it was me, and I changed and something during that accident had altered me, and I hated it. I started to forget people very quickly and events that had happened and horribly people who had died and continuously not realising they had died. That upset a lot of people. Before everything happened I had broken up with a girl (but i didn't realise that after), now I can't remember what we did together or even how we met, but I can't get the thought of her out my head, she later told me to leave never come back, which I did. But even now I still have the feeling of thought of her, and I'm struggling to get rid of that, I don't love her and I'm not in love her, I just feel like i'm obsessed with her a person I know nothing about and It haunts me. 

I've been to a few separate doctors and have been recommended medication, which I believe it has just made it worse. I've talk to my parents but they just talk highly of the pro's of medication and councillors. Hate councillors. (I always ended up lying to them) 

Since everything I've had some real down point, and made two attempts, by failed due to people walking in randomly either whilst in progress or while setting up. I've already made necessary precautions by writing letters, addressing them and stamping them but non have been sent. I want to tell my gf but I feel like, I don't want to throw feelings away by her thinking 'he's a sobbing kid, or he's crazy or why am I with him' - I'd rather hide it not to upset her, people mean everything in the world to me, and I'd give my life for her, any day. But I still want to tell her, and I don't her to be scared of me. 

When I close my eyes and think of a memory, I just see grey mist or static like of a television. It doesn't feel nice not having anything to fall back on in your mind, things that made you happy. 