Any advice on how to handle leaving my only friend? LAST thing I need right now is the pain but I think I have to.
I've posted here a few times before and never got much for replies, which is ok.  I really do hope I can get some insight on this particular issue however.

For so long I've been completely alone and it really sucked.  I managed to connect with my Cousin a couple of years ago and we've had a lot of great times, but more often than not lately it seems I feel bad after dropping her off instead of good that we hung out.  

We've hung out like 3 times a week for a couple years now.  I feel like we have a real connection but she doesn't show it if she feels the same.  

I'm an alcoholic and so is she, so we drink together a lot.  I certainly would be able to quit if I didn't have to drink to be around her.  Besides the booze I have no idea what other drugs she's into; I know coke for sure, probably smoking crack time to time, she's made jokes about wanting to go out and do meth all night.  

She's CONSTANTLY lying to me about everything.  
She is so very unreliable, in the last 2 weeks twice now she's made plans with me for the next day, only to show up on facebook at like 8pm after I've been sitting and waiting for her all day and then she gets angry with me for telling her it makes me feel like shit.  

Everything is always about her, she's even more depressed than me and has none of the coping skills I do so most of the time it's just her bringing up all her problems and me trying to reassure her.  If I try to talk about my issues though she pays no attention and changes the subject.  

I know she's not really a "friend" more of a "company prostitute" if anything, it seems like I'm always having to buy the booze or lend her money she never pays back.  I know I am being blatantly used, but the company is still better than being alone with my thoughts all of the time.  

She actually "ghosted" me about a year ago for a few months and that put me in a really bad place, I had to check into the psych ward I was in such a rut over it.  When we finally started hanging out again she didn't seem to care at all the pain it caused me, and I still have never heard an answer "why" she'd block me and dodge my calls or visits out of the blue.  

I feel like she's getting worse and no matter how hard I try I can't help her or make her seem to care.  

I don't think I can handle the pain of losing my "friend" again.  I also have OCD and I obsess on things to ridiculous lengths and this is going to suck me into a dark hole for a long time.  

I suppose I actually came here hoping people would tell me not to ditch her, but I know I can't keep letting her treat me like this.   

How do I do it on good terms?  
How do I get over it and not let the grief consume me?  
Please help.