I feel really bad for not coming to the forum much last week. i have been in turmoil. Things at home are not going well at all. My husband got his new house and is moving in the next few weeks ... incidentally that is not the problem. I am happy that he is leaving. He has been a real jerk lately. He says mean things to me and he is angry all of the time. He has been working on the road for the past month so we only have to tolerate each other on the weekends  - thank goodness. When he comes home the first thing that he does is go up to the computer room and say hi to his buddies ... not to me and not to our son (in fact he only spend a total of one hour with our son on the weekends). When he finally graces us with his presence he just complains. I did SO much work around the house last week - I cut the grass, weeded the garden, watered the lawn everyday, vacuumed the house from top to bottom, washed the floors on the main floor of the house, did all of the laundry, patched some dents in the walls and painted them, cleaned out our son's room .... and still he managed to find things that were 'wrong'. He even had the audacity to tell me that I am a pig and nothing gets done around here. I just can't take it anymore. All he does is get angry and complain. I finally realized this weekend that I am not his problem. He is just using me as an excuse. I have tried to talk to him and all he wants to do is play the blame game. We have agreed to not see each other for the month of august so that each of us can decide what it is that we want to do regarding our relationship. Even that ticked him off. When I asked him if he would like me to send our son with his parents when they come to visit him he got mad that I wasn't going to come see him. The 'no seeing each other in August' was entirely his idea. I have no clue what is going on in his head. I have tried and tried to talk to him and the only reply I get is defensive or aggressive. I am at my wits' end and am about to give up. I care very much for him and I know that there is something wrong but I cannot help him. I am so afraid of giving up on us though because I am riddled with the 'what ifs'. I want a family so bad. am I settling though? I hate saying that because my husband is not a terrible man. He has his finer qualities it is just that lately they are few and far between. He has even told me that he would cheat on me if given the chance. And that he might have while drunk one night and that the girl has told other people that the baby she is carrying might be his.
You know the more that I write the more I feel like an idiot. What a
fucking doormat. What the hell am I doing? i am putting my happiness and wellbeing on the back burner for someone who has told me repeatedly that he no longer loves me and thinks that he has had an affair (or at the least would like to). How pathetic can you get. What a glutton for punishment I am. Why is it that I feel that he is more important than me? You know I thought that I was doing better on the medication - I might not be having the emotional outbursts but I still have the low - or should I say non-existent self esteem. If only all of this could be over. If only he could either WAKE up and figure out what he wants to do or just fuck off and never see me or our son again. That would make my life so much easier. I fear for my son. I do not want my husband's anger to hurt our son. I don't want husband to take out his frustrations on a two year old. I worry about sending our son to visit him. Without me there or the dogs, xxxx is the only one there to take the abuse.
Anyway that is what I have been dealing with the past week. As a result of all of this I have been on a self destruct mode. I have not been sleeping, i have been late for work and I have been unprepared many times. I am glad that the last day is this Thursday. i will have a month to 'detox'. I need it.
