I have been so depressed over a lost friendship. I have known this girl for about 5 years. We were very close or so I thought. We both had boys around the same age, went on vacations together with our families, and both went through our 2nd pregnancy together. I knew she was a person that had to have things her way but I accepted this. She has a large circle of friends that she included me in. I felt her family was mine, in a way. I am very shy and came out of my shell. Last year I got caught up with 2 other friends that were having problems. They really needed me. So I wasn't around much but I am always available if she needed me. Anyway, we got into a misunderstanding over something very minor. I really didn't think much about it the next day. That is the way I am. I get mad then I am over it within 24 hours. She is not like that. She holds grudges. I saw her the next day (4th of July) at her house. I knew she didn't really talk to me but she did have a lot of people there. Well,a couple of weeks after I call her saying "Hey girl, can I pick land on up?". She said "How can you call and act like nothing is wrong?" Then she hangs up on me. I wait until the next day and called again. First thing she says is "What do you want?" I say "Just to be your friend." She says "We are no longer friends. There will be no more double dating with our husbands, vacations, you are to not come to my house, We are not friends". I was blown away. I asked what I did and she couldn't give me a direct answer. She said we had different friends and I had more drama than any of her friends of 20 years. I asked her what drama? Last year I had some problems with my husband but I didn't really talk to her about that. She said  that was a problem, I didn't tell her things and that is what friends do. WHAT? She was contradicting herself. She hung up on me again.

It is very difficult for me because when I make a friend and let them into my heart they are my friend for life. Her son is my son's best friend and her husband is my husbands best friend. I had recently told my husband to not mention their names around me because I become really depressed. My poor son doesn't understand why she doesn't like me anymore. How can I explain when I don't know. I bought her daughter a shirt about a month ago and she didn't acknowledge it until she saw me in Walmart a week later and we were face to face and she thanked me. It was very weird. I haven't seen her since July. I can't let my son have his friend over anymore because it hurts too much to see him and know that I am not welcomed in their home and they haven't asked my son over their house since all of this even though he still came over ours. I can't figure out what I did that was so bad. I wish I knew so that maybe I could at least defend myself and have some closure.
