My purpose for posting this is that I'm at a dead end and don't know where else to turn. I'm 39 and I'm sure have been suffering from depression most my whole life. My life has been one failure after another, in relationships, jobs, and anything else. I had been on antidepressants for about 10 years and then stopped after I got arrested for a DUI and felony hit and run. The man who was injured received a cut on his face after chasing after me when I split the scene, that was the whole extent of his injuries. After the arrest I was feeling so bad it made no difference whether I took them or not. The charges were dropped but I had to wait day after day for a year or more just waiting for them to recharge me, which my attorney was sure they were going to do. That was 2 years ago and I think the experience did some very serious and real damage to me. I just lost my job in my probationary period of 2 months. I have worked so hard to create some kind of financial security for myself (BA in Psychology, technical degree in computers, numerous computer certifications) but where ever I go I don't fit in to the group and find myself alienated and let go. Some many failed romantic relationships, never having friends, and what family members I have are abusive and are incapable of providing healthy support. Most nights I calm myself enough to fall asleep by fantasizing about killing myself and the relief that was provide. I feel like a freak physically. I shortened my fingers on my right hand by 1/2 inch and my hand is deformed because I hit the wall in my apartment one night about 4 years ago after I was let go from a job and my girlfriend broke up with me at the same time.

Of course what I have stated so far isn't close to all that is weighing on me.

Now I am just so tired and hopeless I don't know how to get the energy to try again. Any encouragement or wisdom the read / you can provide is very much appreciated. If you need to something that is hurtful please don't respond to this.
