Hello. I am just getting over a suicide attempt, my 2nd. It was extremely serious. I was planning it for week, and when I was fired form my job I did it the next day. I have a BS in chemistry and worked testing pharmacological products, so i knew what to take. I don't know what made me call my ex-BF. I did not speak to him for 4 months, but I wanted him to be the one to find me. Needless to say I lived. The doctors where surprised that I did. I took 3 things, (not going to give people ideas) that i knew they could not do anything for because of them being together. They could not pump my stomach cause of the one thing. They could not give any antidotes cause of interactions. I took well over the lethal limit. My life was spiraling out of control since Jan of 98. Since then, I have had 3 heart and 2 cancer operations. I was discharged from the Navy, was an officer, because of the medical stuff. My 1st suicide attempt was in the navy, they chalked it up to being stupid and not dealing with the 1st heart and cancer surgeries. My parents had a bitter divorce and I was caught in the middle when I got home. My mother assumed my ID and ran up a bunch of bills. I came out of the closet. I slept around to feel wanted. Which was not a wise choice, I gained my 3rd major medical situation. Not going to say what, but I am sure you can figure it out. I have a soul mate that I hurt, my ex-BF, and who knows if we will ever be friends or more. 2005 was a blur. I do not remember things, or saw things that where not there. Like documentation, which led to me being fired. I was afraid to leave the house, and was even afraid of 5 year olds selling candy for the school. The good thing about the suicide attempt is there was a proper diagnosis. I compartmentalized, and pushed emotions away. Every situation or moment had its own little box, and I put it away. I wanted to be like Spok or Data. I would put on different mask for different situations. There was shopping me, gas pumping me, heck, i had a separate mask for every action I performed. I have abandonment issues, from how i was treated growing up. Medicines did nothing and gave bad side effects. My depression is not chemical, but mental. I need to re-learn how to think and handle emotions and issues properly. Unemployment is running out, people are looking for money for bills. But it is better to be alive. WOW, this was longer than I intended. Just saying who I am, and I am a mess.....but slowly putting my life together.