I had therapy today. I don't even know where to start. First off, I lost a day last week (time loss/dissociation)...it was last Tuesday that I lost. My mom called me Friday and I said "why are you calling me" and she said "I always call you on Friday". I told her that it was Thursday and she told me I was wrong. So, I back tracked the best I could and I can't remember anything that I did on Tuesday. The interesting thing is that I mailed my therapist the research info I found on dissociation so when I saw her today I asked her what was the date that I put on the letter I sent and guess what...IT WAS TUESDAY. Then she asked me if I brought it in and I told her no that I mailed it. And she said that I couldn't have because it wasn't scanned by the post office. She showed me the envelope and it wasn't scanned at all. She also said that the mail had already come in the office and the envelope was in her mailbox way after she had already checked her mail. So, we have no idea how that got to her office. But I don't drive and Carol didn't take me anywhere last week. So, if anyone remembers being with me or talking to me Tuesday...COULD YOU HELP ME OUT PLEASE. My therapist looked over the information that I sent her and she said that everything basically fits with what I'm going through and DID. The problem is, she doesn't treat dissociative disorders and has no idea how to even help me. I appreciated her honesty though. But she said she knows a therapist in Jeffersonville, IN...oh God...that treats dissociative patients but I don't drive and Carol's not going to take me over to Jville on a weekly basis for therapy. Also, we've never even been over there before so we'd get lost. So, she then called her boss and another lady to see if they knew who else in Louisville could help me and to see if she can get some help on treating me. I also gave her more info on some of the things I'm dealing with and the voices that are going on. I even gave her the names of the two that I already know of. She said the fact that I can't remember my childhood and that I not only lose time for minutes but also for days that it isn't normal and we need to figure out how to help me. I've been in the mental health system since 2001 and have had just about every diagnosis slapped on me. I hope I can finally get some help. I'm honestly about to give up. She also said that she's going to see if they can take me off the Seroquel since it's making me sick and NOT WORKING. So, she asked me what else I've been on and I told her (Haldol - didn't work, Risperdal - didn't work, Zyprexa - didn't work, Paxil/Paxil CR - worked for a little bit then wore off, Wellbutrin - didn't work). She said that she wants to try Depakote, Abilify, or another mood stabilizer. I also took those two journal entries in that I posted last week so she could read them. And, I wish I could get it scanned but it didn't look right to me so I can't show them to you (that's why I just typed it) and she said that one of the interesting things that stood out about the entries is that the handwriting was different in three places. I'm a mess. But believe it or not, after today's session I am a little hopeful. In other news, Carol and I have started working on our book of poetry. We've been throwing around ideas all day and working out some details. We're in the process of getting the poems we want to be in the book together and coming up with a title (which we have already done). We're also working on the different categories that we want the poems to fall under. I've been working around with PagePlus for a couple of hours now trying to figure out how we can set this up. She also has a list of publishers that we're going to be going through as well. I'm also still working on getting around to doing some updates on my webpage and trying to budget out how I can pay for my site so I can get more space and get rid of those damn banner ads. I'm moving as fast as I can but right now I'm having some sinus issues (again).