A Letter to My Future Self: Self Love
Dear (future) B,

This letter may be fragmented.

This letter may be short, or it may be long. 

This letter may be emotional. 

Most importantly, this letter is to show you that you can stay grounded despite the rush of emotions you experience when you feel vulnerable and [falsely] unloved. 

Everything you thought you knew since that day (October 21st) has become unraveled within the last fourteen hours. It’s hard to find the words that can sum it all up in order to save some time and space within this letter. This letter is also not about those specific events but about you and only you, and how far you’ve come; it all plays into being able to deal with whatever the future may bring. 

As you admitted this morning, to yourself and G, your sense of clarity evaporates when you begin to feel vulnerable. It leads you to a self-fulfilling prophecy - the exact neediness you exhibit will do the exact opposite of what you’d like it to do and will therefore lead you to feeling ever more “needy.” 

Listen to me: You are not validated by someone’s ability (or lack thereof) to love you. 

And again: Sometimes, it is not simply not about you. 

So far in your healing process you’ve managed to understand the importance of detachment. You’re making wonderful progress and I hope that at some point you are still progressing. Your existence is for you and for you only. It is not okay or healthy to live solely for another human being. Remember that you are not “incomplete” without someone however that someone can enhance the you that you already are. A relationship consists of two people working together as a whole yet existing as their own sense of “wholeness” outside of the relationship. That is so very important for you to remember for the rest of your life. Remember when you felt vulnerable just a few weeks ago (sometime in November) and wanted to dive into texting that boy in order to make you feel better about yourself? And then remember that you didn’t because you kept your clarity and understood that it was a coping mechanism. Don’t forget that you’ve done that not only once but a few times now and that is exceptional. I understand future Bri may encounter some setbacks and that her well-being might as well be a roulette wheel, but that’s exactly what this letter is for. 

As you’ve been told, you are luminous. You shine bright. Your heart is [almost too] huge. You have the potential to do great things. You are not your illness and you are not your insecurities. The grave you will lay in one day will only consist of you and nobody else. If the world ends and you survive, you have yourself. You have to keep this mind every single day. Work on self love and understand your worth. Yes, G makes you feel like the most important girl in the world. But before you can let him do that, you need to understand that you are the most important girl in the world to yourself, for yourself. 

You’re done putting your interests aside just to receive love for the night/day. You’re done with getting angry at the phone for not getting responses quickly. You’re done feeling unimportant or unloved because you’re not someone’s first priority. In the month and a half since the breakup, you have transformed. It is only the beginning but you have taken steps in the right direction. Future B needs to look back on this whether she’s in a good spot at the time or not. She needs to know that even though she may not be at a point in life she envisioned, she did something for herself. 

When you feel like he’s pulling away, don’t push harder. 

When you feel like you want to run to him in order to silence your overwhelmingly surfacing insecurities, understand that will not make things better. Understand that they are amplified and you are only expressing coping mechanisms in order to deal with the underlying issue. The issue isn’t that he doesn’t love you but that you make yourself unloveable. Understand that when you get into that mindset and lose grasp of the clarity, someone moving mountains for you will not fill that hole of pain. The only person on the face of this Earth that can fill that hole is you. You have the capability of moving mountains on your own when you remember these things. 

Continue doing your research. Continue taking time for yourself. Continue setting your phone down for hours at a time. Continue living your life out and letting others play a part and not the center role. You’re the star of your life, you lead the show. Your family, friends, boyfriend, colleagues - they play their roles in your story. Most importantly, they play their lead role in their own stories and similarly you are character. 

Learn to appreciate silence. Learn to appreciate a bit of loneliness and solitude. Self-love includes coming home from work to take a hot bath and drink a glass of red wine, not rushing over to whoevers house in order to feel loved by someone else. 

You cannot be loved appropriately if you cannot love yourself first.  

Isn’t it just like me to start taking the advice I’ve been given by so many people my entire life. 

Love yourself.
Respect yourself.
Appreciate your own time.
Respect others.
Respect other’s need for space. 
Live for you.
Again, love yourself. 


With love,
B, 12/3/2017.
