Hello, I'm Yevgenny, 21 years old, and have suffered from depression for...well...I guess as long as I can remember. I started having suicidal thoughts when I was 9, but strangely enough, I can't remember having at that age any concept of suicide. I've been placed on practically all of the antidepressants over the years (with the exception of MAOIs), and am currently taking Cymbalta--no real side effects, seems effective enough. My father died when I was 18, but that in itself wasn't so sad. Last September, I had a sudden thought regarding my feelings about his death, and I found the most heartbreaking aspect was, like I said, not the fact that he died, but that the process of dying was for him degrading and humiliating. Like me, he was very independent--if he needed help with something, he considered himself defeated; he was content in his own world, like I am, but the magnitude of something like death forced people into his world...those intangible connections between ourselves and others, between him and others, seemed to chain him down. When I had my last breakdown in September, I couldn't stop myself from imagining it; to find yourself suddenly and wholly dependent on others, and for them to force themselves into your mind, your world, and find for themselves some memory or happy relic to take with them such that even your most private, perhaps sacred thoughts and memories are wrenched from you. I thought about what it must've been like to know with certainty that death was all that was left, the helplessness of not being able to face your own future without someone either doing it for you or having earlier robbed you of the existential will power to do it. I attempted to hang myself after my morning classes. I'm not sure how, but before kicking the chair away, I forced myself to call someone because the world is so huge, and I've only had the chance to see such a small part of it, to die then, would've been so meaningless and empty--the very things I was attempting to escape, meaninglessness and emptiness. The friend I called left work immediately and came to me. She cried in one afternoon more than I ever have, and she wasn't even the depressed one. So, fast forward to today. Did some inpatient care. I'm seeing a therapist whom I trust, respect, and have thus far been unable to outwit (it's a good thing.) On a physiological basis, the medication is helping. Psychologically however, I've got some work to do. Ignoring biological/chemical factors, in order for me to be happy, I need to find/build/understand the meaning of my life. I do not believe that man is born with an inherent raison d'etre, or that one is given to him by some divine entity; rather, I believe that the meaning of one's life is self-constructed and in continual flux, it is something you work on, something you subsist upon, and yet is something that is always just out of reach, or one brush stroke undone. Not an easy job. But last week I was on my front porch at around 4pm having a cigarette (I'm keeping this habit for now.) Everything was still, the air still cold with winter but with traces of spring on every tree, the clouds were lit from below and the west, it was like a painting; but it was this oddly static scene that gave me the most lucid understanding of myself, that unstoppable, dynamic thing we call self. And so, more than ever before, I'm going to take treatment seriously and honestly; even if there is sadness, those chance moments of serenity that make up for in intensity what they lack in length, in those instances I think I will find meaning, no, I already have, I suppose. I apologize for how lengthy this became, but I'm guessing it was somehow necessary for me to say. I'm looking forward to talking with the other members of the forum, as I don't think I've ever talked to others who were depressed. Even if I don't find much help here, there might be someone who finds such help in me. Thanks! And, again, I'll try to keep future posts shorter, but in my defense, sometimes when I write I don't feel in control...oh, starting to go off again. Ok, I'm going to stop now.